{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . sony has the best exclusive games and content . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics are amazing . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####games are better in resolution . graphics are lifelike . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4####the picture quality is impressive . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the games load up fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . pictures are great on 4k tvs . the 4k capabilities are terrific . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it has better graphics and framerate . the image quality is amazing . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it looks great on my 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . i love the performance of my pro . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the games look significantly better . the games that supports 4k is astounding . menus are fast . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must !####the exclusive games are amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the 4k games are incredible . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####ps4 pro is amazing . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it is extra fast . it has great games . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the games look significantly better . the resolution boosts . the scaling to 4k is great . menus are fast . 4k gaming experience is good . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####there is no fps drops . the games look significantly better . games look and play fantastic . menus are fast . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . it has more efficient online gaming . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####games run a bit better but there is not much difference . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the graphics are amazing and life like . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the picture quality is impressive . it has great graphics . the games load up fast . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the graphics are noticeably superior . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . there is no uhd player . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####graphics are better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . gameplay and menus are smoother . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks !####the wifi is definitely better . my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics are better and faster . the graphics are amazing . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . resolution is great . load times are faster . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro .####there is a difference in graphics . games run smoother . power is efficient . there is no lags . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics are amazing and life like . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the graphics are clearer . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system loads faster . the hard drive was mal functioning . it has more memory space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was hesitant to upgrade based on some reviews i would read but with horizon zero dawn coming out i thought it was time . so far i have had a great experience with the system . runs smoothly , and 4k games are gorgeous . horizon and uncharted 4 are noticeably better on pspro . to be honest have not played many other games on it though , and that where it seems many other reviewers have run into issues . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has near 4k graphics . 4k games are gorgeous . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####the wifi is definitely better . load time was a lot quicker . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the image quality is amazing . graphics is impressive . the system is quicker . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . the performance is impressive . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it does not play games in true 4k . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are amazing . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####you can do all kinds of things . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the extra space is a huge plus . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####4k gaming is also good . it has best picture and framerate . games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it has great graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the exclusives are great . the heating and noise comments are true . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the graphics are amazing . it has more efficient online gaming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i bought a 75 '' qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice . games look better and the new system is faster . i can not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr ultra hd movies and the xbox x does . it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . games look better . however , it does not play hdr or ultra hd movies . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the new system is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . it looks great on my 4k tv . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me .####it has great graphics . i really appreciate the one tb storage . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it made a difference in performance and graphics the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####the image quality is amazing . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it has great games . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####graphics look great and more detailed now . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it lacks the 4k bluray . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the graphics are amazing . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the exclusives are great . the system is really quiet . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . however , the fan is very loud . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . the enhanced graphics are great . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it change the quality of all games . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i purchased this item on black friday and received it with an hdmi cable that was not working . needless to say , it was scary setting everything up and not seeing anything show up on the tv . when the hdmi cable was changed , we breathed a sigh of relief that we did not receive a completely faulty console . aside from the faulty cable , it has been operating fine so far .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the hdmi cable is not working . after changing , everything operates fine . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are a ps4 owner , clearly you are happy with your console . if you own a 4k tv , you are clearly happy with your tv . if you have a ps4 , it is technically hdr ready , but do you need the extra beef ? the load times improve , the graphics definitely look better and if you have a 4k tv , you can totally push the limits even more . it is a matter of choice ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics look better . graphics are much nicer . i could immediately see the difference with games . the load times improve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . graphics are much nicer . load times are faster . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the exclusive games are amazing . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it has great graphics . the graphics are clearer . 4k and hdr games look great . the system loads faster . games load faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it is not a 4k bluray player . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the 4k games are incredible . the image quality is amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####graphics are lifelike . it looks great on my 4k tv . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####graphics are lifelike . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it . the additional capacity is great . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is great . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####it has fast , great graphics . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . games run smoother . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games look significantly better . the exclusives are so great . menus are fast . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics is very very good . the system is quicker with loading . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####there is no uhd player . it is a pity . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ?####it can not connect to the internet . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade .####the exclusive games are amazing . there is no uhd player . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is an awesome and very powerful console ! i had a new 4k tv , so it made sense for me to spend the extra money on the pro model . i do not regret the extra cost at all . the graphics are beautiful and loading times are very fast . if you already have a ps4 , i would not upgrade . i would wait it out for the future console that playstation puts out . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics are beautiful . it has best picture and framerate . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . loading times are very fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boys are the gamers , not me , but even to my eye the ps4 pro takes full advantage of the 4k capabilities today tvs offer . the system was installed and set up quickly . allowed me to both create my own profile ( as controlling system \u201c manager \u201d ) and the boys to copy transfer their existing account histories without their having to delete them from their regular ps4 consoles . easy to use , so no problems at all so far . quality of video is outstanding . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . video quality is outstanding . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are amazing . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is a difference in performance . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it has great graphics . the games that supports 4k is astounding . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv . did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . this pro model has significant game load improvements . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the resolution boosts . ps4 pro is amazing . 4k gaming experience is good . it is extra fast . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusive games are amazing . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . it made a difference in performance and graphics the console runs faster and smoother . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####it has best picture and framerate . it is great . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are better . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it . the extra space is a huge plus . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games have faster framerate . i really appreciate the one tb storage . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the bluray is really good . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the exclusives are so great . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it lacks the 4k bluray . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics look amazing . the graphics are great . it has near 4k graphics . there is a difference when playing games . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the graphics are stunning . the scaling to 4k is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance is excellent ! the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . it made a difference in performance and graphics the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####games look better . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the wifi is definitely better . games are better in resolution . the picture is amazing . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####you can do all kinds of things . the games have been great so far . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it is one of the best systems i have ever played . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up .####the graphics are stunning . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . the console runs faster and smoother . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the image quality is amazing . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . the system is quicker .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the 4k support looks great . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k games are incredible . it has best picture and framerate . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are amazing and life like . it lacks the 4k bluray . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games have been great so far . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is a sleek system with good visuals . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that .####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . games run better and menus are faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####graphics are lifelike . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . games looks and plays great . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . there is a difference in graphics . power is efficient . there is no lags . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####it has best picture and framerate . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####games are better in resolution . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the exclusives are so great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture is amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i am a playstaion loyalist so purchasing the new ps4 was a necessity and i have to say i have no complaints . 4k gaming looks awesome on my 4k tv . an annoying issue is the ps4 tends to him a tad bit loud when it is run for a long period of time . not loud where it is an issue but just enough to notice . true gamers need this console . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####4k gaming looks awesome on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the gaming quality has a huge difference . there is an issue that ps4 runs loudly sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it has better graphics and framerate . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the graphics are pretty amazing . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has decent graphics . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has great gameplay . the performance enhancements made this worth . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the fan is much quieter . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the games have been great so far . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it has great graphics . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . games run smoother . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the 4k was awesome ! i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it has best picture and framerate . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the 4k games are incredible . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the gaming quality has a huge difference . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the picture quality is impressive . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the games load up fast . the fan is a bit loud . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####downloads seem faster . there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . the games feel smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the picture is amazing . the graphics are amazing and life like . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####games look better . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are amazing . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the system is really quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . graphics are much nicer . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . games look amazing . they run very smooth . it is extra fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####the graphics are amazing and life like . the games can be played in 4k . the graphics are crisp and smooth . however , it can not play 4k movies . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the image quality is amazing . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are much nicer . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####there is no fps drops . ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games look and play fantastic . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the console runs faster and smoother . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####it does not play games in true 4k . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it does not come with a native 4k player . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the quality of the video graphics is great . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it has best picture and framerate . the hard drive was mal functioning . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room .####graphics are fantastic . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####games look great and controllers are nice . the additional capacity is great . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . graphics are better and faster . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are significantly better . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####uhd 4k is great . the 4k support looks great . the console runs faster and smoother . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the bluray is really good . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####the wifi is definitely better . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the scaling to 4k is great . graphics is impressive . the selections of games are a bonus . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the performance of the system is amazing . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the graphics are pretty amazing . the exclusives are so great . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are much nicer . the vr was easy to use . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the graphics are amazing and life like . it made a difference in performance and graphics if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the addition of 4k capability is great . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the bluray is really good . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there are extra usb ports . graphics are lifelike . the games have higher resolution and framerate . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####graphics look great and more detailed now . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the image quality is amazing . it lacks the 4k bluray . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . there is noticeable performance improvements . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the bluray player is not a 4k . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the games look significantly better . the graphics are noticeably superior . games look great and controllers are nice . menus are fast . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the 4k games are incredible . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are stunning . it looks nice on my 4k tv . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console is one of the best on the market today . ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr . you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work . i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform . five stars out of five stars for me . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . i could immediately see the difference with games . this is a great consolel that does hdr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . it has more efficient online gaming . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####it has best picture and framerate . there is not enough good games yet . i really appreciate the one tb storage . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the wifi is definitely better . it is the hdr that makes this shine . graphics is impressive . the performance enhancements made this worth . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i am so happy i bought the ps4 pro . i was on the fence about 4k but this thing can push some amazing graphics ! the main reason i splurged is because i ended up selling my og ps4 when the switch came out , and got a 4k tv for christmas so though what the heck . and it is not much bigger than the launch ps4 . the upgrade to 4k is well worth the price .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . this thing can push some amazing graphics . the upgrade to 4k is worth the price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . games look better . the graphics are pretty amazing . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it has fast , great graphics . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the size of the updates are huge . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####downloads seem faster . the wifi is definitely better . the games feel smoother . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games looks and plays great . the bluray player is not a 4k . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv####it has best picture and framerate . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####graphics are lifelike . the addition of 4k capability is great . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the resolution boosts . the exclusive games are amazing . 4k gaming experience is good . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the exclusive games are amazing . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####you will notice the smoother framerate . it has more efficient online gaming . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the 4k quality is amazing . 4k gaming is also good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has plenty storage . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing and life like . the graphics are amazing . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . graphics are lifelike . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the heating and noise comments are true . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the 4k optimized games look amazing . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####there is a difference in graphics . it looks nice on my 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####you will notice the smoother framerate . it has best picture and framerate . 4k and hdr games look great . you will notice the faster load times . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the download speed are faster as well . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the graphics are better . it has faster processing power and load times . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####there is a difference in graphics . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . power is efficient . there is no lags . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it does not feel so good . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it does not accept any cds . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . games look great and controllers are nice . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the visuals are stunning . i can stream most video files . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the graphics are amazing and life like . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles , they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast . great system . but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the 4k games are incredible . it does not play 4k movies . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the 4k support is great . the graphics is amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . i love the amazing graphics . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####graphics are better and faster . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####the picture quality is impressive . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the games load up fast . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####it can produce amazing graphics . 4k gaming is also good . the gaming quality has a huge difference . this console has plenty of space . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the graphics are stunning . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the performance is excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the hard drive was mal functioning . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics are lifelike . graphics is impressive . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the picture is amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####there is a difference in graphics . the enhanced graphics are great . it is not a 4k bluray player . the extra space is a huge plus . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the exclusives are so great . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are stunning . it does not come with a native 4k player . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . you can do all kinds of things . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics look amazing . the graphics are amazing . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . there is a difference when playing games . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####it produces fantastic graphics . graphics are better and faster . the gameplay is seamless . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the games can be played in 4k . playing games with this system is enjoyable . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . load time was a lot quicker . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics are much nicer . the vr was easy to use . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! games look better . the exclusive games are good . i love the performance of my pro . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####there is a difference in graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . 4k gaming is also good . it is not a 4k bluray player . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the image quality is amazing . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the graphics are amazing . 4k and hdr games look great . the system is really quiet . games load faster . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it does not play games in true 4k . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the graphics are stunning . it is the hdr that makes this shine . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the performance is excellent ! the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks !####the graphics look amazing . the gaming quality has a huge difference . there is a difference when playing games . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics look amazing . graphics are much nicer . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . there is a difference when playing games . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them .####it has better graphics and framerate . the exclusives are so great . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####it has fast , great graphics . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the games look significantly better . it looks nice on my 4k tv . menus are fast . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it looks great on my 4k tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . the bluray player is not a 4k . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the 4k games are incredible . 4k gaming is also good . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the bluray is really good . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better .####the wifi is definitely better . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . games look better . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####visuals are stunning . the exclusives are so great . the wide variety of titles is second to none . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are much nicer . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####it has more efficient online gaming . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are great . it has better graphics and framerate . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it lacks the 4k bluray . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . i really appreciate the one tb storage . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusive games are good . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are sweet . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####it has great graphics . there is a difference in graphics . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . graphics and framerate are top notch . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####graphics are lifelike . 4k gaming is also good . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####there is no fps drops . the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are amazing . games look and play fantastic . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the wifi is definitely better . the 4k was awesome ! hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the 4k games are incredible . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the graphics are amazing . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####it does not feel so good . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not accept any cds . system works great . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics look great and more detailed now . games look great and controllers are nice . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####graphics are much nicer . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . games look so much better . load times take longer . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are unreal . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the image quality is amazing . the graphics is amazing . the system is quicker . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . processor is faster . the system is quicker with loading . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the 4k games are incredible . graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . all my son wanted for christmas was a ps4 pro.he said he prefers it over the latest x-box.according to him the graphics are way better , and he has this hooked up to his 4k tv.i ordered from bb because i knew i could trust them on truly having a brand new one ( some reviews on amazon , says they received returned ones ) .was highly impressed by bb lightning fast shipping and packing.unit arrived safe and in time for christmas giving .####the graphics are clearer . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are way better . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####performance and graphics are great . pictures are great on 4k tvs . it does not support 4k bluray discs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it made a difference in performance and graphics if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . it is great . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the image quality is amazing . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is quicker . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####there are extra usb ports . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the image quality is amazing . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is a difference in graphics . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the bluray player is not a 4k . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the console runs faster and smoother . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has better graphics and framerate . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####i love the amazing graphics . the graphics are great . the system could not play my 4k movies . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it can produce amazing graphics . the addition of 4k capability is great . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the graphics are amazing . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the picture quality is impressive . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the games load up fast . performance of ps4 is too good . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again .####the graphics are pretty amazing . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . 4k and hdr games look great . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it is a superior gaming machine . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####it has fast , great graphics . games run smoother . the size of the updates are huge . the extra space is a huge plus . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####it can produce amazing graphics . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the bluray is really good . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the image quality is amazing . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the system is quicker . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has best picture and framerate . the performance enhancements made this worth . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the graphics are noticeably superior . the games have been great so far . the exclusive games are good . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the fan is super loud ! the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro does what i want it to and does it well . that being said , if you are looking to upgrade , you have a launch ps4 and you do not plan on getting ps vr , then this is not really worth the $ 400 msrp , i would suggest the ps4 slim instead . but if you want to delve into psvr , then this is absolutely a must-have console , as you will have a smoother , less nauseating experience . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####if you want to delve into psvr , then this is a must , as you will have a smoother , less nauseating experience . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the exclusives are so great . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this system is worse in some ways than the xbox one but not as buggy . one thing that sucks is you can not search the whole market in the system for like a movie to see if it is available on hulu or netflix or whatever . it just gives you results to buy or rent it from the online store . games play a little smoother than the ps4 slim my gf has but i dont notice it too much . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the enhanced graphics are great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games are a little smoother than the ps4 slim but i do not notice it too much . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####graphics are much nicer . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####games look better . it has best picture and framerate . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the addition of 4k capability is great . the exclusives are great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection .####the picture quality on games is amazing . the exclusive games are good . i could immediately see the difference with games . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . games look great and controllers are nice . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a premium console it is designed to do what no other console has previously done , which it excelled and reached that benchmark . with nice technical specs and enhanced visuals which makes of a good combination for a great console . the only downfall is there no 4k bluray player included in with the system , while sony makes bluray discs bucome on now sony otherwise impressive system . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the only downfall is there is no 4k bluray player . the nice technical specs and enhanced visuals makes a good combination for a great console . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the wifi is definitely better . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . the console runs faster and smoother . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it change the quality of all games . the exclusive games are amazing . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics and framerate are top notch . games look great and controllers are nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the 4k support looks great . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it had no issues . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the system looks better on our 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . it is extra fast . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . graphics are much nicer . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####ps4 pro is amazing . it has near 4k graphics . the graphics are unreal . it is extra fast . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it can not connect to the internet . graphics are much nicer . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i really enjoy this new playstation , it can stream and play videos and games in 4k which is pretty sweet if you have never experienced it before . only thing i could complain about is that it can not play 4k discs , and has a interesting disk drive sound when inserting and taking out discs . other than that flawless system and i would recommend to anyone wanting to experience 4k####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it does not come with a native 4k player . it can not play 4k discs . it can stream and play videos and games in 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are much nicer . 4k gaming is also good . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics look amazing . it has best picture and framerate . there is a difference when playing games . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####it has great graphics . the exclusive games are amazing . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the games can be played in 4k . the graphics are unreal . the exclusive games are amazing . however , it can not play 4k movies . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the image quality is amazing . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is quicker . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####graphics is very very good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . there is not enough good games yet . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . ps4 pro is amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it is extra fast . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the visuals are stunning . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the exclusives are so great . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . it is a superior gaming machine . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . graphics and framerate are top notch . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory .####the wifi is definitely better . the picture quality is impressive . my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it looks nice on my 4k tv . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . games run better and menus are faster . i could immediately see the difference with games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####it has great graphics . the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are clearer . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####graphics are lifelike . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####graphics are lifelike . the fan is much quieter . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the menus and games are amazing . the speed is amazing . the fan is much quieter . the quality of the product is amazing . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . uhd 4k is great . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####the 4k output is gorgeous . performance and graphics are great . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k support is great . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics are lifelike . graphics and framerate are top notch . however , the fan is very loud . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it has great graphics . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it does not come with a native 4k player . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the games that supports 4k is astounding . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics and speed are amazing ! load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####it can produce amazing graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there is no fps drops . graphics are fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the 4k output is gorgeous . ps4 pro is amazing . graphics is impressive . it is extra fast . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it has best picture and framerate . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the image quality is amazing . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the system is quicker . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it has best picture and framerate . games run smoother . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the graphics are pretty amazing . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####the exclusives are so great . it does not feel so good . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . it does not accept any cds . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####there is a difference in graphics . it looks nice on my 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####you can do all kinds of things . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is one of the best systems i have ever played . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it has great performance , and is much faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####there is no fps drops . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . games look and play fantastic . i love the performance of my pro . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential .####the 4k games are incredible . games look amazing . they run very smooth . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the enhanced graphics are great . the graphics are better . the exclusives are so great . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####many games improves . the gaming quality has a huge difference . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are amazing . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the extra space is a huge plus . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####performance and graphics are great . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . it does not support 4k bluray discs . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . system works great . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics are much nicer . the graphics are sweet . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . i could immediately see the difference with games . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the picture is amazing . graphics are much nicer . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the 4k output is gorgeous . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the addition of 4k capability is great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i bought this as a christmas gift for my fiance , he absolutely loves it ! i love the hd quality that it has when watching movies and playing video games ! it is the best gaming consule ever ! my fiance loves the online capabilities and that he can play with his friends even if they are not close by ! so glad i upgraded and bought the pro ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the wifi is definitely better . i love the hd quality when watching movies and playing video games ! the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####there is a difference in graphics . it has near 4k graphics . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the 4k was awesome ! larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it made a difference in performance and graphics the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . the extra space is a huge plus . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are stunning . the 4k support is great . it does not come with a native 4k player . the performance is excellent ! it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the screen flickers and then turns black . it has great graphics . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . 4k and hdr games look great . it does not come with a native 4k player . games load faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . the exclusives are so great . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . the new ps4 has way better performance . it has great performance , and is much faster . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . games look great and controllers are nice . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####graphics look great and more detailed now . the enhanced graphics are great . the games can be played in 4k . it lacks the 4k bluray . however , it can not play 4k movies . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the bluray player is not a 4k . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####visuals are stunning . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . the exclusives are so great . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the wifi is definitely better . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are a ps4 owner , clearly you are happy with your console . if you own a 4k tv , you are clearly happy with your tv . if you have a ps4 , it is technically hdr ready , but do you need the extra beef ? the load times improve , the graphics definitely look better and if you have a 4k tv , you can totally push the limits even more . it is a matter of choice ! wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics look better . it has best picture and framerate . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the load times improve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are stunning . power is efficient . there is no lags . processor is faster . the performance is excellent ! hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the 4k support looks great . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . it had no issues .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games have faster framerate . it does not come with a native 4k player . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the graphics are clearer . load times take longer . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the graphics are pretty amazing . the graphics are amazing . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . all i can say is there is a huge difference . between a ps4 and ps4 pro . graphics , game play ! processor speed alone and hard drive space helps ! must buy ! do not spend your money on a ps4 unless it is the ps4 pro !####the processor speed helps . the hard drive space helps ! if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . there is a huge difference between ps4 and ps4 pro .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . load time was a lot quicker . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the 4k quality is amazing . it has plenty storage . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the games look significantly better . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . menus are fast . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphics is amazing . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great####games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the new ps4 has way better performance . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the scaling to 4k is great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the selections of games are a bonus . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . the bluray is really good . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####the wifi is definitely better . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the picture is amazing . the graphics are noticeably superior . the exclusives are so great . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are unreal . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . there is a difference in performance . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it looks great on my 4k tv . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it has best picture and framerate . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the image quality is amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the games have faster framerate . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the games in 4k looks better . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the exclusives are so great . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####games are better in resolution . it has decent graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has great gameplay . performance is better . games run smoothes . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the exclusive games are amazing . the console runs faster and smoother . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####there is a difference in graphics . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . power is efficient . there is no lags . the fan is a bit loud . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are great . the graphics are unreal . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the system could not play my 4k movies . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####there is a difference in graphics . the picture quality is impressive . the exclusive games are good . power is efficient . there is no lags . the games load up fast . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the addition of 4k capability is great . the exclusives are great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the picture quality is impressive . the games load up fast . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . well finally i have a system that will utilize the 4k native resolution . and when the games are given the patch for it , it is worth every penny spent on the system . amazing and better processing power . plus the graphics boost during the vr experiences makes this the go to system . if you have your old ps4 system you will also get trade in value for the system . this will knock the price down . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####graphics boost during vr experiences . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the processing power is amazing . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the 4k output is gorgeous . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . load times are faster . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model .####games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the hard drive was mal functioning . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . resolution is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . the console runs faster and smoother . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers .####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics are much nicer . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has more storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the 4k games are incredible . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the image quality is amazing . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the system is quicker . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing .####i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the one tb storage is great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####graphics are much nicer . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the addition of 4k capability is great . the performance of vr is awesome . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it does not play 4k movies . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the enhanced graphics are great . there is no uhd player . it does not come with a native 4k player . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . the 4k games are incredible . the games have been great so far . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics are unreal . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the picture quality is impressive . the exclusive games are good . the games load up fast . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the image quality is amazing . graphics is impressive . the system is quicker . the performance is impressive . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####games run a bit better but there is not much difference . the console runs faster and smoother . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####hdr games are spectacular . i could immediately see the difference with games . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the scaling to 4k is great . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . the selections of games are a bonus . it has great performance , and is much faster . there is noticeable performance improvements . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . the bluray player is not a 4k . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it does not have a 4k bluray player . it streams 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .####the wifi is definitely better . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . 4k and hdr games look great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . load times are faster . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the 4k games are incredible . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the scaling to 4k is great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 !####the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . i really appreciate the one tb storage . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the quality of the video graphics is great . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv .####the 4k games are incredible . the picture is amazing with my tv . the heating and noise comments are true . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . it has best picture and framerate . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a 4k tv with hdr so i got a ps4 pro to take advantage of it . the pro is significantly larger and heavier than the slim , and the graphical upgrade is negligible . sure , some games offer a boost in fps , but it is inconsistent . and of course there no 4k uhd bluray player . just standard bluray . stick with the slim unless you find a great deal on the pro . but even then , i prefer the sleekness of the ps4 slim . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphical upgrade is negligible . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no 4k uhd bluray player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . the bluray player is not a 4k . it does not have a 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the 4k games are incredible . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the 4k was awesome ! it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the exclusives are so great . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games look significantly better . games look great and controllers are nice . menus are fast . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing and life like . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the graphics are amazing . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the games in 4k looks better . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play .####performance and graphics are great . the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are better . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away .####the graphics are impressive . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the games have been great so far . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the 4k support is great . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system runs perfectly . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####graphics are lifelike . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the extra space is a huge plus . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the picture quality is impressive . the games look significantly better . ps4 pro is amazing . menus are fast . it is extra fast . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the image quality is amazing . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is quicker . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the exclusive games are good . it is extra fast . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the games look significantly better . the performance of vr is awesome . menus are fast . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture quality is impressive . the games load up fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . i love the performance of my pro . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the graphics are great . the system could not play my 4k movies . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . graphics are much nicer . the bluray player is not a 4k . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . it is extra fast . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the exclusive games are amazing . load times are faster . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . the graphics are amazing . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the exclusive games are amazing . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . pictures are great on 4k tvs . it does not come with a native 4k player . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model .####the wifi is definitely better . the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics is impressive . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the performance is impressive . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####ps4 pro is amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . it is extra fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the 4k games are incredible . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . sony has the best exclusive games and content . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the graphics look amazing . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . there is a difference when playing games . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . it is super fast . it has a huge space . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####many games improves . i could immediately see the difference with games . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . the quality is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the graphics are pretty amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the 4k quality is amazing . it has plenty storage . the additional capacity is great . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games can be played in 4k . it is a superior gaming machine . it does not come with a native 4k player . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the quality of the video graphics is great . the picture is amazing . the graphics are amazing . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the enhanced graphics are great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the hard drive space is a plus . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the wifi is definitely better . there are extra usb ports . the games have higher resolution and framerate . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the addition of 4k capability is great . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . there is no noise during gameplay . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv####buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the fan is not that loud . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . i love the performance of my pro . load times take longer . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####the wifi is definitely better . games look great and controllers are nice . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusives are so great . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the graphics are noticeably superior . vr capabilities really are state of the art . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the system runs perfectly . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####it has great graphics . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the graphics are clearer . the fan is not that loud . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy####downloads seem faster . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the games feel smoother . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the gaming quality has a huge difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the quality of the video graphics is great . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . it made a difference in performance and graphics the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the new ps4 has way better performance . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the resolution boosts . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . 4k gaming experience is good . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####graphics are much nicer . the exclusive games are amazing . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are amazing and life like . the vr was easy to use . games run smoother . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are lifelike . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the wifi is definitely better . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . there is no noise during gameplay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####there is no uhd player . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####graphics are much nicer . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not play 4k bluray . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is an awesome and very powerful console ! i had a new 4k tv , so it made sense for me to spend the extra money on the pro model . i do not regret the extra cost at all . the graphics are beautiful and loading times are very fast . if you already have a ps4 , i would not upgrade . i would wait it out for the future console that playstation puts out . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are beautiful . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . this does not lag on games . loading times are very fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . ps4 has great exclusives . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away .####the picture is amazing . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the games can be played in 4k . it does not play 4k bluray discs . however , it can not play 4k movies . it streams 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has more efficient online gaming . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the 4k output is gorgeous . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not support 4k bluray discs . the games load up fast . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####graphics are lifelike . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####the picture quality is impressive . games look awesome on my 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the games load up fast . the system runs perfectly . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . the console runs faster and smoother . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it has decent graphics . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it has great gameplay . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i have just been playing on my ps3 until now . this is such an awesome improvement . i can not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4 , but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming , 1 tb storage , non-pita background downloads , and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho . game play is excellent as always .####graphics are much nicer . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . graphics and user interface are better . 1 tb hard drive is also good . live game streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . it has a 1 tb drive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####games look better . graphics are much nicer . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . it change the quality of all games . games run smoother . it is extra fast . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . ps4 has great exclusives . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are sweet . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the gaming quality has a huge difference . the fan is much quieter . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the vr was easy to use . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are amazing . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it has more efficient online gaming . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the graphics are pretty amazing . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the wifi is definitely better . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics and framerate are top notch . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the wifi is definitely better . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the exclusive games are good . i could immediately see the difference with games . the fan is super loud ! if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the visuals are stunning . ps4 pro is amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it is extra fast . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo ! ( yes it is been that long lol ) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years . this system is awesome ! easy to set up , easy to use , and works great with my new 4k tv ! this thing is a beast ! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the wifi is definitely better . it has best picture and framerate . this system is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it made a difference in performance and graphics this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it has better graphics . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is there is a huge difference . between a ps4 and ps4 pro . graphics , game play ! processor speed alone and hard drive space helps ! must buy ! do not spend your money on a ps4 unless it is the ps4 pro ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the processor speed helps . it made a difference in performance and graphics the hard drive space helps ! the additional capacity is great . there is a huge difference between ps4 and ps4 pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . finally ps4 pro is out ! if you have a 4k or getting a 4k tv with hdr get ps4 pro . i have a sony tv so i got ps4 pro or else i may think of xbox s 1 tb cause it has 4k player ! but this ps4 pro was technically way stronger than xbox s for $ 50 more ! if you do not need a 4k player and your are gammer you know ps4 pro is your final destiny !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you have a 4k hdr tv then get ps4 pro .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the graphics look amazing . graphics are much nicer . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . there is a difference when playing games . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####there is no fps drops . the 4k output is gorgeous . games look and play fantastic . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####graphics are lifelike . the enhanced graphics are great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####the graphics are amazing and life like . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics look great and more detailed now . graphics and framerate are top notch . resolution is great . it lacks the 4k bluray . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . i love the performance of my pro . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buttery smoove interface , havent seen a hiccup yet . it takes everything i throw at it . i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful ! anyway , if you have a ps4 already , it may not be a huge upgrade to you.unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics ( which is why i chose this one as well ) i am loving it ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####you get gorgeous graphics if you have a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . it may not be a huge upgrade if you have a ps4 already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate .####there are extra usb ports . the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . graphics are much nicer . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i bought a 75 '' qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice . games look better and the new system is faster . i can not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr ultra hd movies and the xbox x does . it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . games look better . graphics are much nicer . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . however , it does not play hdr or ultra hd movies . the new system is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the games run smoother . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . the loading times are faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####graphics are lifelike . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the games have been great so far . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . there is no uhd player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####the 4k support is great . the exclusives are so great . it has more efficient online gaming . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####4k gaming is also good . games run smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has great graphics . the graphics are better . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####there is no fps drops . the games have faster framerate . games look and play fantastic . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are pretty amazing . it is not a 4k bluray player . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the exclusive games are amazing . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . the console runs faster and smoother . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the picture is amazing with my tv . graphics are better and faster . it has a 1 tb hard drive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are better . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####graphics is very very good . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . graphics are lifelike . ps4 has great exclusives . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####it has best picture and framerate . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####there is no fps drops . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the enhanced graphics are great . games look and play fantastic . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it has best picture and framerate . the exclusive games are good . i love the performance of my pro . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####visuals are stunning . it has near 4k graphics . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the wifi is definitely better . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv .####it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . it is super fast . it has a huge space . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my launch ps4 recently began showing signs of slow down . so , i went out and upgraded to ps4 pro . the unit is quicker with load times and just seems to move through menus seamlessly without hesitation . have not noticed a big difference in graphical quality yet . if your original unit still runs fine , there is no need to upgrade . but , if this is your first system , definitely go for the pro . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####i did not noticed a big difference in graphical quality . the graphics are amazing and life like . the unit is quicker with load times and menus are seamless . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the 4k capabilities are terrific . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are fantastic . graphics are lifelike . the games that supports 4k is astounding . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####graphics are lifelike . the hd quality is better than any device i have . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i purchased the ps4 pro happiest choice i have made in a long time . i still need to get vr set , but i am sure that will be just as good ! back to being a playstation girl again my fianc\u00e9 turned me to xbox when we first started dating 14 years ago , but after having a xbox one for a while then getting a ps4 pro , graphics wise blows xbox out of the park ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the graphics blows xbox out ! graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order ! been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####the graphics are significantly better . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv .####the 4k games are incredible . the picture is amazing with my tv . it has a 1 tb hard drive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics are amazing . it has best picture and framerate . the system is really quiet . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows .####however , there may be a wifi issue . it does not play games in true 4k . the 4k games are incredible . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####graphics are better and faster . 4k and hdr games look great . the exclusive games are amazing . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####there is no fps drops . the graphics are amazing . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . games look and play fantastic . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i have just been playing on my ps3 until now . this is such an awesome improvement . i can not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4 , but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming , 1 tb storage , non-pita background downloads , and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho . game play is excellent as always .####graphics are much nicer . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . graphics and user interface are better . 1 tb hard drive is also good . live game streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the 4k quality is amazing . the console runs faster and smoother . it has plenty storage . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the wifi is definitely better . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i love the performance of my pro . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . 4k gaming is also good . the fan is not that loud . the hard drive was mal functioning . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are stunning . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games look significantly better . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . menus are fast . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has best picture and framerate . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . there is a difference in graphics . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it is not a 4k bluray player . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks !####the wifi is definitely better . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . i could immediately see the difference with games . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the enhanced graphics are great . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####there is no fps drops . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . games look and play fantastic . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it has best picture and framerate . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the 4k output is gorgeous . the exclusive games are good . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the games have been great so far . the fan is much quieter . it is a sleek system with good visuals . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! graphics are lifelike . i love the performance of my pro . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####the wifi is definitely better . it has more efficient online gaming . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####the wifi is definitely better . these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are pretty amazing . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the gaming quality has a huge difference . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####there is a difference in graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it is not a 4k bluray player . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####graphics are much nicer . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the graphics are crisp and smooth . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . graphics and framerate are top notch . performance of ps4 is too good . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . graphics are much nicer . games look pretty good . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics are much nicer . the graphics are clearer . graphics is impressive . the system loads faster . the performance is impressive . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the graphics are clearer . hdr games are spectacular . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system loads faster . my fan is dead quiet . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love video games and will play them until i get to old to play them . this console is way better than the original ps4 . smoother processing and 4k streaming . please be aware that ps4 does not play 4k movies but it can stream them . the ps4 pro is a bit larger than the ps4 too but its solid and durable . $ 100 more for the ps4 pro vs. ps4 ( regular ) . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####it does not play 4k movies . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . it has smoother 4k streaming . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the pro is a worthy upgrade to the ps4 slim . the main differences are really showcased if you have a 4k tv with hdr . if the software take advantage , you will be showcased a beautiful spectacle of gaming , full high dynamic range in great detail . uncharted , gran turismo , and particularly the new god of war are just breathtaking . even games like fortnite with benefit from larger draw distances and zippier load times . the standard in consoles .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the exclusives are so great . you will have a spectacle gaming with great detail . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it does not play 4k movies . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it is the hdr that makes this shine . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the graphics are pretty amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. if you have a 4k tv and you have chosen ps4 games that are mastered for the pro then yes , yes , yes you should buy this . if you do not have a 4k tv or you do not play games mastered for the pro then do not buy this . playstation has basically created this system for people with big tvs . if you do not have a big tv then buy the regular console . but if you do , prepare to be amazed at the graphics . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are great with big tvs . if you have a 4k tv then buy it ! graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are noticeably superior . it lacks the 4k bluray . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . games look great and controllers are nice . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so !####the exclusives are so great . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the download speed are faster as well . it has best picture and framerate . it is great with a hdr screen . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has fast , great graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . the size of the updates are huge . it is extra fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim####graphics are lifelike . the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. bought this with my new 4k udh tv because i needed something that could play 4k content . i already had a ps 4 so this was fast to set up but even for someone who was new i think it is pretty simple and i had it up and running soon after i unboxed it . i like the 1 tb space , and it is had no issues with running , playing discs , overhearing or anything else so it is great . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####i could immediately see the difference with games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it had no issues with playing discs . the 1 tb space is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the picture is amazing . graphics are much nicer . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####there is no fps drops . the graphics are amazing and life like . games look and play fantastic . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the graphics and speed are amazing ! i could immediately see the difference with games . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . you can do all kinds of things . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####uhd 4k is great . the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . 1 tb hd is handy . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . it does not come with a native 4k player . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####it does not play games in true 4k . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it does not support 4k bluray discs . there is no 4k bluray player . system works great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####there is a difference in graphics . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it is not a 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . graphics is impressive . performance of ps4 is too good . the performance is impressive . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####games are better in resolution . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the exclusive games are good . performance is better . games run smoothes . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####the image quality is amazing . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the system is quicker . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it can produce amazing graphics . it has better graphics and framerate . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it looks great on my 4k tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the graphics are amazing and life like . 4k and hdr games look great . the exclusive games are amazing . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play .####the 4k output is gorgeous . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are better . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####downloads seem faster . the 4k games are incredible . performance and graphics are great . the games feel smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . i could immediately see the difference with games . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the image quality is amazing . the graphics are better . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . uhd 4k is great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not play 4k movies . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics are enhanced for games . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . sony has the best exclusive games and content . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has more efficient online gaming . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . it has great performance , and is much faster . performance of ps4 is too good . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics are great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the scaling to 4k is great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the selections of games are a bonus . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are lifelike . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####4k and hdr games look great . the scaling to 4k is great . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the selections of games are a bonus . games load faster . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the 4k quality is amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####the picture is amazing . it has fast , great graphics . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the size of the updates are huge . there is no noise during gameplay . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it can produce amazing graphics . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics are better . there is no noise during gameplay . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . games run smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####it has fast , great graphics . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i have been an xbox guy ever since the original came out . and , while i still love my xbox one x , there is something crisper about how the ps4 pro renders games and the exclusives are far more interesting . spiderman comes to life on the pro and god of war is absolutely stunning . i had purchased the original ps4 upon release , but the pro feels like a different console altogether . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the ps4 pro renders games crispier . it has best picture and framerate . the exclusives are far more interesting . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the graphics are pretty amazing . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has great graphics . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . performance and graphics are great . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the graphics are unreal . i could immediately see the difference with games . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the bluray player is not a 4k . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . load time was a lot quicker . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics look amazing . it change the quality of all games . there is a difference when playing games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the picture is amazing . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . it does not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####graphics are lifelike . the graphics is amazing . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . 4k gaming is also good . graphics is impressive . the performance enhancements made this worth . the performance is impressive . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the scaling to 4k is great . the exclusive games are good . the selections of games are a bonus . the fan is super loud ! the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . games look better . the exclusive games are good . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics are lifelike . visuals are stunning . resolution is great . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also####i could immediately see the difference with games . the hard drive was mal functioning . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . the 4k capabilities are terrific . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####downloads seem faster . graphics are lifelike . the 4k was awesome ! the games feel smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it is great with a hdr screen . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the picture quality on games is amazing . the fan is not that loud . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i purchased this item on black friday and received it with an hdmi cable that was not working . needless to say , it was scary setting everything up and not seeing anything show up on the tv . when the hdmi cable was changed , we breathed a sigh of relief that we did not receive a completely faulty console . aside from the faulty cable , it has been operating fine so far .####the 4k quality is amazing . the hdmi cable is not working . after changing , everything operates fine . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has plenty storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics are amazing . it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . the system is really quiet . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it has best picture and framerate . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i bought this for something to do when i spend long periods of time away from home for my job , and i am blown away ! not only are the games great , but i can shuffle through my netflix , and prime tv all from my hotels free wifi . so glad i bought this , it gets used every day almost if not for games for its other ps exclusive abilities . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the 4k games are incredible . the addition of 4k capability is great . the games are great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i can watch netflix from free wifi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second plantation 4 pro that i have purchased and have yet to have any issues with the system . the 1 tb memory helps with having up to 12 games on your system depending on how big the games data is . the 4k aspect is only for games so thats one thing to keep in mind , but on a 4k tv the games look amazing and well worth the buy . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the games on 4k tv looks amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look great and controllers are nice . the 1 tb memory is helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####the graphics are great . the video quality is great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it .####the 4k games are incredible . graphics are enhanced for games . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####there is no fps drops . the 4k output is gorgeous . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . games look and play fantastic . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####graphics are better and faster . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . games run smoother . the system is quicker with loading . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it can not connect to the internet . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####the 4k output is gorgeous . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent .####the exclusives are so great . there is no uhd player . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####graphics are lifelike . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####the graphics are great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . graphics are much nicer . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####the 4k games are incredible . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####there is a difference in graphics . uhd 4k is great . the exclusive games are good . power is efficient . there is no lags . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the heating and noise comments are true . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . buttery smoove interface , havent seen a hiccup yet . it takes everything i throw at it . i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful ! anyway , if you have a ps4 already , it may not be a huge upgrade to you.unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics ( which is why i chose this one as well ) i am loving it ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the visuals are stunning . you get gorgeous graphics if you have a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i can stream most video files . it may not be a huge upgrade if you have a ps4 already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####i love the amazing graphics . it has best picture and framerate . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . the games have been great so far . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . it is a sleek system with good visuals . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####games look better . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are stunning . it does not come with a native 4k player . the performance is excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the exclusive games are amazing . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####you can do all kinds of things . there is not enough good games yet . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it does have a bigger hard drive . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . mind you i had a perfectly fine ps4 but the problem was i was looking into buying a new hard drive due to the 500gb had been used up and this bad boy 1 tb what more could i ask for ? 4k quality faster processor , i thought there was going to be a huge size difference but no it is basically the same size does not take up anymore space on my shelf it is perfect####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are lifelike . it has 4k quality . it does not come with a native 4k player . it has a faster processor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the console runs faster and smoother . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are great . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . you can do all kinds of things . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . the graphics are amazing . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the exclusives are so great . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . it is great with a hdr screen . there is no noise during gameplay . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the graphics are amazing and life like . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is no fps drops . games look awesome on my 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics are nice , too . it has best picture and framerate . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the games can be played in 4k . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . however , it can not play 4k movies . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has great exclusives . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . load times take longer . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good .####the 4k games are incredible . games look pretty good . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . games look pretty good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the new ps4 has way better performance . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing ! if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####graphics are much nicer . it is the hdr that makes this shine . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the performance enhancements made this worth . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####it has better graphics and framerate . 4k gaming is also good . the exclusives are so great . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####i love the amazing graphics . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics are much nicer . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the games that supports 4k is astounding . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####uhd 4k is great . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the memory are upgraded . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are stunning . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####downloads seem faster . the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the games feel smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . ps4 pro is amazing . the exclusives are great . it is extra fast . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####it has best picture and framerate . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . graphics is impressive . the exclusive games are amazing . the performance enhancements made this worth . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the graphics are amazing . it is great with a hdr screen . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the games run smoother . the exclusive games are good . the loading times are faster . the fan is super loud ! it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the picture is amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####games look better . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the system is quicker with loading . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are amazing and life like . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console mind you i had a perfectly fine ps4 but the problem was i was looking into buying a new hard drive due to the 500gb had been used up and this bad boy 1 tb what more could i ask for ? 4k quality faster processor , i thought there was going to be a huge size difference but no it is basically the same size does not take up anymore space on my shelf it is perfect####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games can be played in 4k . it has 4k quality . however , it can not play 4k movies . it has a faster processor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####there is a difference in graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . vr capabilities really are state of the art . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####the picture quality is impressive . performance and graphics are great . the exclusives are so great . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the wifi is definitely better . the 4k support looks great . it is great with a hdr screen . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####graphics are much nicer . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it does not play 4k movies . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the graphics are amazing and life like . it made a difference in performance and graphics i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . i could immediately see the difference with games . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is a difference in graphics . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . power is efficient . there is no lags . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphics are amazing and life like . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it can not connect to the internet . i could immediately see the difference with games . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the games have been great so far . sony has the best exclusive games and content . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####games look better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has more efficient online gaming . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####it has great graphics . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . it does not support 4k bluray discs . there is no 4k bluray player . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics are better and faster . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the graphics are sweet . the graphics are noticeably superior . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have a 4k tv with hdr so i got a ps4 pro to take advantage of it . the pro is significantly larger and heavier than the slim , and the graphical upgrade is negligible . sure , some games offer a boost in fps , but it is inconsistent . and of course there no 4k uhd bluray player . just standard bluray . stick with the slim unless you find a great deal on the pro . but even then , i prefer the sleekness of the ps4 slim . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphical upgrade is negligible . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no 4k uhd bluray player . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it has great graphics . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####there is no fps drops . it has best picture and framerate . the scaling to 4k is great . games look and play fantastic . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics are much nicer . the games run smoother . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games run smoother . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money .####the wifi is definitely better . many games improves . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are better and faster . graphics are much nicer . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the picture is amazing . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####there is no fps drops . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are pretty amazing . games look and play fantastic . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the performance of vr is awesome . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are great . there are many options for games and the exclusives . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . games look great and controllers are nice . the bluray player is not a 4k . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i bought this for something to do when i spend long periods of time away from home for my job , and i am blown away ! not only are the games great , but i can shuffle through my netflix , and prime tv all from my hotels free wifi . so glad i bought this , it gets used every day almost if not for games for its other ps exclusive abilities . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the games are great . there are tons of great games . i can watch netflix from free wifi . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has best picture and framerate . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased a ps4 slim model about a year ago , and i wanted to see how the experience changed from playing at 1080p to 4k . have not had a chance to test on a uhd 4k tv , but the enhancements are noticeable at 1080p with higher framerate in certain titles ( final fantasy xv , everybody golf , etc. ) . i appreciate the better performance , but i wish the enhancements extended to more titles .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the enhancements are noticeable with higher framerate . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it does not play games in true 4k . it has best picture and framerate . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####graphics are lifelike . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the download speed are faster as well . the graphics are amazing . the games have faster framerate . the system is really quiet . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i notice very little difference in graphics . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k . my games have significant improvements . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . the exclusives are so great . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . there is a difference in graphics . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it is not a 4k bluray player . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####many games improves . it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics are much nicer . the heating and noise comments are true . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the scaling to 4k is great . the games have been great so far . the selections of games are a bonus . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it has great graphics . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the wifi is definitely better . it has best picture and framerate . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####games are better in resolution . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it has best picture and framerate . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it can produce amazing graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the console runs faster and smoother . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that .####the wifi is definitely better . downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . games run better and menus are faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . not going to lie i was a little nervous about dumping 450 bucks into a system i already had . but i can tell you for sure this is definately worth the upgrade . you need to have 4k tv to see the ups to having this system , not to mention the boost to operating speeds and reduced lag online because you can connect to 5ghz speed internet .####the 5ghz speed internet reduced lags online . graphics are lifelike . graphics and framerate are top notch . this is definately worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the picture is amazing with my tv . the exclusives are so great . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is a difference in graphics . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is not a 4k bluray player . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are amazing and life like . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the 4k support looks great . you can do all kinds of things . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . it is one of the best systems i have ever played . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the smoothness in gameplay is big . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . it is super fast . it has a huge space . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the fan is a bit loud . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the download speed are faster as well . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####graphics are much nicer . i notice very little difference in graphics . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . first time buying a ps4 since i wanted to wait until a native 4k playstation would be introduced that is also capable of playing 4k bluray so that i can show off my 4ktv . personally i think it looks and plays better than the xbox 1s which actually is 4k native , so i am glad i bit the bullet and made this purchase . good deal considering you get the extra storage and updated processor .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it is a good deal to have the extra capacity and updated processor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the addition of 4k capability is great . visuals are stunning . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the wide variety of titles is second to none . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was hesitant to upgrade based on some reviews i would read but with horizon zero dawn coming out i thought it was time . so far i have had a great experience with the system . runs smoothly , and 4k games are gorgeous . horizon and uncharted 4 are noticeably better on pspro . to be honest have not played many other games on it though , and that where it seems many other reviewers have run into issues . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k games are gorgeous . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the graphics are amazing . the games look significantly better . playing games with this system is enjoyable . menus are fast . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the exclusives are so great . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics and framerate are top notch . resolution is great . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . i notice very little difference in graphics . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####graphics are lifelike . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the graphics are crisp and smooth . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . many games improves . the graphics are crisp and smooth . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k capabilities are terrific . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . i really appreciate the one tb storage . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####graphics are much nicer . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the quality of the video graphics is great . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics and framerate are top notch . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had a playstation since the first version came out years ago . i was happy with my ps3 but decided to splurge and get a ps4 . i am not a hard core games but will play some sports games and a few others . graphics are amazing , sound is fantastic and the box itself looks pretty cool . opting for the pro version i hopefully have future proofed as much as possible when it comes to game consoles . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the graphics are amazing . the exclusive games are good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . the vr was easy to use . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the graphics are impressive . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the games have been great so far . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it is a sleek system with good visuals . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####there is a difference in graphics . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it is not a 4k bluray player . the system is quicker with loading . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 .####games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . impressive console . i have an xbox x ans i bought this for the exclusives . god of war , uncharted series ( carve out a weekend for these games ) and mlb the show . consoles are similar , bluray is not 4k , but it will stream 4k . ease of use to set up compared to an xbox is similar . downside is placement of the d pad and constant need to charge controllers . buy the exclusives , you can not go wrong !####the wifi is definitely better . the exclusives are so great . the exclusives are great ! bluray does not play 4k . but it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it change the quality of all games . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . the console runs faster and smoother . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a premium console it is designed to do what no other console has previously done , which it excelled and reached that benchmark . with nice technical specs and enhanced visuals which makes of a good combination for a great console . the only downfall is there no 4k bluray player included in with the system , while sony makes bluray discs bucome on now sony otherwise impressive system . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the only downfall is there is no 4k bluray player . it does not come with a native 4k player . the nice technical specs and enhanced visuals makes a good combination for a great console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####graphics are better . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games have been great so far . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is a sleek system with good visuals . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the wifi is definitely better . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one .####games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules ! i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the pro is a worthy upgrade to the ps4 slim . the main differences are really showcased if you have a 4k tv with hdr . if the software take advantage , you will be showcased a beautiful spectacle of gaming , full high dynamic range in great detail . uncharted , gran turismo , and particularly the new god of war are just breathtaking . even games like fortnite with benefit from larger draw distances and zippier load times . the standard in consoles . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . you will have a spectacle gaming with great detail . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the picture is amazing . it has fast , great graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are amazing . it has near 4k graphics . this pro model has significant game load improvements . there are tons of great games . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it has significant streaming improvements . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . hdr games are spectacular . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the picture is amazing . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions .####the screen flickers and then turns black . the fan is much quieter . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tbh i have not gamed much in the last 3 years , but when i got a 4k tv this fall , i could not resist the urge to try out the next gen of games given how gorgeous they look . and i have not been disappointed , games like horizon zero dawn are absolutely stunning and when you combine the gorgeous imagery , open worlds and computer power of the ps4 pro , it is an incredible gaming experience . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games are stunning . gaming experience is incredible . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are better and faster . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the resolution boosts . 4k and hdr games look great . 4k gaming experience is good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has great graphics . games look great and controllers are nice . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the bluray is really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would been waiting quite some time to get this , for many reasons , but i am extremely glad i finally pulled the trigger on this decision . the quality of play is 10x better than i would dreamed ( i am a pc gamer mostly and the lack of lag so far is amazing ) plus i am a sucker for the final fantasy series , so it was a win win . plus a bluray player ? worth the buy . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the quality of play is better and the lack of lag is amazing . it has more efficient online gaming . there is a bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####there is no fps drops . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the scaling to 4k is great . games look and play fantastic . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####it has more efficient online gaming . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####the graphics are amazing . it does not support 4k bluray discs . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . system works great . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####graphics are much nicer . the games have faster framerate . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year .####the wifi is definitely better . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are pretty amazing . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####ps4 pro is amazing . graphics is impressive . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it is extra fast . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the graphics are great . uhd 4k is great . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the graphics are great . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has more efficient online gaming . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the exclusive games are amazing . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the addition of 4k capability is great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####it has best picture and framerate . games looks and plays great . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####it has best picture and framerate . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####graphics are lifelike . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the enhanced graphics are great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####graphics are much nicer . 4k gaming is also good . the exclusives are so great . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the picture quality is impressive . the games have faster framerate . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the picture is amazing . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k support is great . it has best picture and framerate . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has better graphics . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusives are so great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####uhd 4k is great . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the ps4 pro is an awesome and very powerful console ! i had a new 4k tv , so it made sense for me to spend the extra money on the pro model . i do not regret the extra cost at all . the graphics are beautiful and loading times are very fast . if you already have a ps4 , i would not upgrade . i would wait it out for the future console that playstation puts out .####the graphics are beautiful . it made a difference in performance and graphics loading times are very fast . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . it made a difference in performance and graphics games load faster . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####the games in 4k looks better . the exclusives are so great . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played .####it change the quality of all games . the exclusives are so great . you can do all kinds of things . the larger hard drive is worth it . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv .####the picture is amazing with my tv . it has a 1 tb hard drive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . there is no 4k bluray player . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics are much nicer . it is a superior gaming machine . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the picture quality is impressive . the quality of the video graphics is great . the image quality is amazing . the games load up fast . the system is quicker . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####you will notice the smoother framerate . the games in 4k looks better . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . you will notice the faster load times . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the graphics are amazing and life like . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the exclusive games are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games look significantly better . 4k and hdr games look great . menus are fast . load times take longer . games load faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the 4k optimized games look amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player .####there is no fps drops . there is a difference in graphics . games look and play fantastic . the exclusive games are amazing . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has best picture and framerate . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the 4k output is gorgeous . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the exclusives are so great . the graphics and speed are amazing . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it produces fantastic graphics . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the gameplay is seamless . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . it does not come with a native 4k player . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####there are extra usb ports . graphics are better and faster . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####graphics are lifelike . the exclusive games are good . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the quality of the video graphics is great . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year !####the games run smoother . it does not feel so good . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . it does not accept any cds . the loading times are faster . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . processor is faster . the system is quicker . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . many games improves . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####uhd 4k is great . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####it change the quality of all games . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . the larger hard drive is worth it . the extra space is a huge plus . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####graphics are much nicer . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . it change the quality of all games . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 .####the quality of the video graphics is great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics are better and faster . the graphics are amazing . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####graphics are lifelike . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the exclusives are so great . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it has great graphics . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the gaming quality has a huge difference . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv .####it has great graphics . the picture is amazing with my tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage .####the wifi is definitely better . the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics is amazing . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the 4k games are incredible . graphics is very very good . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . however , the fan is very loud . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are better . games run smoother . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . resolution is great . the fan is not that loud . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####there is no fps drops . the 4k games are incredible . games look and play fantastic . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####these new systems require the internet . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are amazing . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . it has best picture and framerate . the exclusive games are amazing . games run better and menus are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . the graphics are amazing . it has more efficient online gaming . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture is amazing with my tv . the games have faster framerate . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are amazing . it looks great on my 4k tv . the system is really quiet . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####graphics are lifelike . the graphics are unreal . it supports 4k and hdr video . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the visuals are stunning . the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . there is no noise during gameplay . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . the picture is amazing . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the 4k support looks great . it has great performance , and is much faster . the system is quicker with loading . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games have been great so far . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . it has best picture and framerate . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics are lifelike . it has best picture and framerate . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics are lifelike . it is great . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room .####the exclusives are so great . there is no uhd player . it is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . resolution is great . load times take longer . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the heating and noise comments are true . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the picture is great with my 4k tv . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the menus and games are amazing . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the speed is amazing . the console runs faster and smoother . the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the graphics are amazing . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it .####it produces fantastic graphics . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the gameplay is seamless . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the graphics are pretty amazing . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro , and have really enjoyed my experience . ps4 pro 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k tv , and i can tell a difference between regular , and pro albeit not a tremendous amount . if i have one con , it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k bluray discs . overall , i highly recommend this product for any true gamer .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k capabilities are incredible . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it does not play 4k bluray discs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the wifi is definitely better . it has more storage . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####i could immediately see the difference with games . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . it has fast , great graphics . visuals are stunning . the size of the updates are huge . the wide variety of titles is second to none . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . graphics are better and faster . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are amazing . it has more efficient online gaming . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games .####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . the exclusive games are amazing . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####graphics are lifelike . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the exclusive games are amazing . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####graphics are better . it has decent graphics . gameplay and menus are smoother . it has great gameplay . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . ps4 pro is amazing . the smoothness in gameplay is big . it is extra fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the graphics are amazing . the exclusive games are good . the system is really quiet . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . games look better . the bluray player is not a 4k . the games load up fast . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the wifi is definitely better . the 4k optimized games look amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . visuals are stunning . there is no noise during gameplay . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the fan is much quieter . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the graphics are amazing . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the system is really quiet . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the image quality is amazing . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the system is quicker . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####the 4k optimized games look amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the image quality is amazing . it is great with a hdr screen . the new ps4 has way better performance . the system is quicker . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the visuals are stunning . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i can stream most video files . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####graphics are better and faster . sony has the best exclusive games and content . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . games run smoother . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####uhd 4k is great . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . it has decent graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k output is gorgeous . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are pretty amazing . the graphics are amazing . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . it made a difference in performance and graphics the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . graphics are much nicer . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics are lifelike . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the scaling to 4k is great . the exclusive games are amazing . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are great . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####the heating and noise comments are true . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . the extra space is a huge plus . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . there is no uhd player . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are much nicer . the games load up fast . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####graphics are better and faster . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . visuals are stunning . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the wide variety of titles is second to none . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it looks great on my 4k tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the games look significantly better . resolution is great . menus are fast . i love the performance of my pro . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the 4k games are incredible . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are unreal . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . sony has the best exclusive games and content . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphics are clearer . the performance enhancements made this worth . the system loads faster . the extra space is a huge plus . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . it has near 4k graphics . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . the graphics are great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it has great graphics . the graphics are great . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the system could not play my 4k movies . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the graphics are clearer . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i love the performance of my pro . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there is a difference in graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . power is efficient . there is no lags . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics are amazing . it has best picture and framerate . the system is really quiet . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games looks and plays great . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####ps4 pro is amazing . games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . it is extra fast . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the exclusives are great . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either .####it does not play games in true 4k . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the games have been great so far . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! it is a sleek system with good visuals . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . pictures are great on 4k tvs . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it has tons of memory . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so !####i could immediately see the difference with games . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the quality of the video graphics is great . ps4 pro is amazing . the exclusives are so great . it is extra fast . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the graphics are noticeably superior . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . the fan is a bit loud . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are amazing . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are lifelike . games look great and controllers are nice . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####i could immediately see the difference with games . sony has the best exclusive games and content . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the one tb storage is great . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the new hardware design is nice . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it has better graphics and framerate . the image quality is amazing . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are amazing and life like . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro , and have really enjoyed my experience . ps4 pro 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k tv , and i can tell a difference between regular , and pro albeit not a tremendous amount . if i have one con , it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k bluray discs . overall , i highly recommend this product for any true gamer .####the 4k output is gorgeous . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k capabilities are incredible . it does not play 4k bluray discs . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####the wifi is definitely better . the games in 4k looks better . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics are lifelike . graphics is impressive . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . buttery smoove interface , havent seen a hiccup yet . it takes everything i throw at it . i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful ! anyway , if you have a ps4 already , it may not be a huge upgrade to you.unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics ( which is why i chose this one as well ) i am loving it ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it looks great on my 4k tv . you get gorgeous graphics if you have a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . it may not be a huge upgrade if you have a ps4 already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . i updated my game system and it looks so different . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the screen flickers and then turns black . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####the image quality is amazing . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the system is quicker . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are fantastic . graphics are much nicer . i could immediately see the difference with games . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the exclusive games are amazing . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . it is great with a hdr screen . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####however , there may be a wifi issue . it has best picture and framerate . it is great with a hdr screen . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the wifi is definitely better . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it has decent graphics . 4k and hdr games look great . the exclusives are so great . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the games have been great so far . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####graphics are much nicer . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the 4k games are incredible . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the wifi is definitely better . the games in 4k looks better . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the enhanced graphics are great . there is no 4k bluray player . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . there is a difference in graphics . it is not a 4k bluray player . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the graphics are unreal . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the exclusive games are good . i love the performance of my pro . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the exclusive games are amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it can produce amazing graphics . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . this console has plenty of space . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####games are better in resolution . the 4k games are incredible . performance is better . games run smoothes . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####it can produce amazing graphics . the enhanced graphics are great . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . this console has plenty of space . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . load times are faster . it has more storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust . one thing for sure though , games do run much smoother . some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference . ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro . my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3 . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####visuals are stunning . games do run much smoother . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####there are extra usb ports . the 4k games are incredible . the games have higher resolution and framerate . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the graphics are stunning . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the performance is excellent ! i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . it made a difference in performance and graphics games load faster . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . the quality is amazing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####there is no fps drops . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . games look and play fantastic . the exclusives are so great . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####it produces fantastic graphics . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the gameplay is seamless . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the picture quality is impressive . i could immediately see the difference with games . the games load up fast . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####the wifi is definitely better . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! games run smoother . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . i really appreciate the one tb storage . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4 .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . games look so much better . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the fan is a bit loud . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####uhd 4k is great . visuals are stunning . the 4k support looks great . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####4k gaming is also good . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the graphics are amazing . the 4k was awesome ! games look great and controllers are nice . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####there is no fps drops . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has fast , great graphics . games look and play fantastic . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . 4k gaming is also good . load times take longer . the additional capacity is great . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has great graphics . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####however , there may be a wifi issue . the hd quality is better than any device i have . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the gaming quality has a huge difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####uhd 4k is great . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####graphics are lifelike . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . sony has the best exclusive games and content . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####there is no fps drops . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it does not feel so good . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it does not accept any cds . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games look better . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####the menus and games are amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . this does not lag on games . the speed is amazing . the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . sony has the best exclusive games and content . it is extra fast . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####graphics are lifelike . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes .####the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the games look significantly better . the graphics are better . menus are fast . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the games can be played in 4k . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the bluray player is not a 4k . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####games look better . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics and framerate are top notch . it does not come with a native 4k player . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the wifi is definitely better . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it is extra fast . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the 4k games are incredible . graphics are better and faster . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are better . the exclusives are so great . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####graphics look great and more detailed now . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . it lacks the 4k bluray . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the console runs faster and smoother . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it has great graphics . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the picture quality on games is amazing . the graphics are amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has great graphics . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are noticeably superior . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####graphics look great and more detailed now . ps4 pro is amazing . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it is extra fast . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . this does not lag on games . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are amazing and life like . the graphics are amazing . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . the bluray is really good . the system is quicker with loading . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####games look better . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the image quality is amazing . graphics are much nicer . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . graphics are lifelike . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the 4k is great on my big screen . the picture is amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####the 4k quality is amazing . the addition of 4k capability is great . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . the exclusive games are good . there is no noise during gameplay . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the graphics are stunning . the games have been great so far . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are much nicer . the size of the updates are huge . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the games have been great so far . the exclusive games are good . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the fan is super loud ! the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it has best picture and framerate . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics is amazing . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the games have faster framerate . the graphics are amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the 4k is great on my big screen . the games look significantly better . the exclusives are so great . menus are fast . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####vr capabilities really are state of the art . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system runs perfectly . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics look amazing . it has best picture and framerate . there is a difference when playing games . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price .####the exclusives are so great . this pro model has significant game load improvements . the extra space is a huge plus . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games look significantly better . the graphics are amazing . menus are fast . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are unreal . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the image quality is amazing . 4k gaming is also good . the system is quicker . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . graphics are much nicer . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####games look better . it is the hdr that makes this shine . this does not lag on games . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the console runs faster and smoother . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have had for several months and still love it . games run great and the design is easy on the eyes . cons : can be a bit loud at times and gets hot when doing 4k and long game sessions . i would love to see sound reduction , smaller total size , and run quieter . i am sure their next iteration will fix these and will be a for sure 5 star . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it has best picture and framerate . games run great and the design is easy . it is a bit loud and gets hot in 4k and long game sessions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the games have been great so far . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i bought the pro so that i could give my ps4 to my grandson . my 55 '' tv is only hd not 4k . there is no noticeable difference using an hd tv between the ps4 and the ps4 pro . do not feel sorry for me . in the near future , i will be getting a top of the line 4k tv . then i will be so happy that i bought the pro .####there is no noticeable difference using an hd tv between ps4 and ps4 pro . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games look pretty good . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there are many options for games and the exclusives . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the picture is great with my 4k tv . it has more efficient online gaming . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . processor is faster . the fan is not that loud . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####performance and graphics are great . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i bought a 75 '' qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice . games look better and the new system is faster . i can not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr ultra hd movies and the xbox x does . it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker .####it has great graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games look better . it does not come with a native 4k player . however , it does not play hdr or ultra hd movies . the new system is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are much nicer . the size of the updates are huge . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . there is no 4k bluray player . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the graphics are amazing . it looks great on my 4k tv . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . the system is really quiet . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the graphics are amazing and life like . graphics and framerate are top notch . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4. great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the image quality is amazing . games look so much better . resolution is great . the system is quicker . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####games look better . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the exclusive games are amazing . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####graphics are enhanced for games . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . i could immediately see the difference with games . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i got this console because i wanted new titles to play and so far im extremely impressed ! i purchased \u201c detroit become human \u201d and it has been a fantastic experience . i also got it because i want to buy a 4k tv which i am doing soon so my gaming experience would be on the next level . this console has made me enjoy games again and i will continue to purchase more titles the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the image quality is amazing . titles are impressive . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####uhd 4k is great . the additional capacity is great . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####graphics are lifelike . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####graphics are much nicer . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####games are better in resolution . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the games have been great so far . performance is better . games run smoothes . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the download speed are faster as well . the exclusive games are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are better and faster . it does not come with a native 4k player . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games look significantly better . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . menus are fast . it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . there is no 4k bluray player . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics are amazing . graphics are much nicer . the system is really quiet . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####there is no fps drops . there is a difference in graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . games look and play fantastic . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the wifi is definitely better . the enhanced graphics are great . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i already had the original ps4 and it was running perfectly fine but i have a 4k tv and have been really wanting products that can use that technology and there have been really good reviews on the pro . it is also really nice having more hard drive space as well considering 500 gb just isnt enough when they take up a considerable amount for the system hardware and stuff####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . it is nice to have more hard drive space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the graphics are pretty amazing . the image quality is amazing . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . it has near 4k graphics . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it made a difference in performance and graphics it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####visuals are stunning . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the wide variety of titles is second to none . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the 4k games are incredible . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the size of the updates are huge . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . the games have been great so far . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the performance enhancements made this worth . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####it has best picture and framerate . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the download speed are faster as well . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it has faster processing power and load times . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the 4k games are incredible . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics and speed are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the 4k games are incredible . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . there is no noise during gameplay . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####games look better . graphics are better . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####uhd 4k is great . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the 4k was awesome ! it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it supports 4k and hdr video . the bluray is really good . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####it has more efficient online gaming . the bluray is really good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the 4k support is great . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not come with a native 4k player . system works great . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the exclusives are so great . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . graphics and framerate are top notch . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . it supports 4k and hdr video . this console has plenty of space . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the graphics are great . 4k gaming is also good . the system could not play my 4k movies . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it has best picture and framerate . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . the quality is amazing . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . there is no 4k bluray player . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are amazing . the graphics are amazing and life like . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system is really quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the 4k output is gorgeous . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the picture quality is impressive . performance and graphics are great . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . it does not support 4k bluray discs . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . the menus and games are amazing . there is a difference in performance . the speed is amazing . the console runs faster and smoother . the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the performance of vr is awesome . the games that supports 4k is astounding . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####there is a difference in graphics . the hd quality is better than any device i have . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the picture quality is impressive . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the games load up fast . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are pretty amazing . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the menus and games are amazing . the games run smoother . the exclusive games are good . the speed is amazing . the loading times are faster . the fan is super loud ! the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . the games have faster framerate . the console runs faster and smoother . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the graphics are noticeably superior . it does not support 4k bluray discs . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . system works great . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . graphics are better and faster . the smoothness in gameplay is big . i could immediately see the difference with games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . the enhanced graphics are great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components .####it can produce amazing graphics . the 4k is great on my big screen . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . this console has plenty of space . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the exclusive games are amazing . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games look significantly better . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . you can do all kinds of things . menus are fast . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is no fps drops . it has decent graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . games look and play fantastic . it has great gameplay . it is extra fast . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####performance and graphics are great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . graphics and framerate are top notch . playing games with this system is enjoyable . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the screen flickers and then turns black . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i bought this as a christmas gift for my fiance , he absolutely loves it ! i love the hd quality that it has when watching movies and playing video games ! it is the best gaming consule ever ! my fiance loves the online capabilities and that he can play with his friends even if they are not close by ! so glad i upgraded and bought the pro ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games look better . i love the hd quality when watching movies and playing video games ! the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it can produce amazing graphics . it has great graphics . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are nice , too . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games have faster framerate . the performance enhancements made this worth . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics are stunning . the graphics are amazing . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . i could immediately see the difference with games . this pro model has significant game load improvements . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . there is noticeable performance improvements . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####the exclusives are so great . the extra space is a huge plus . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . ps4 pro is amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . it is extra fast . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i purchased this item on black friday and received it with an hdmi cable that was not working . needless to say , it was scary setting everything up and not seeing anything show up on the tv . when the hdmi cable was changed , we breathed a sigh of relief that we did not receive a completely faulty console . aside from the faulty cable , it has been operating fine so far . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the hdmi cable is not working . after changing , everything operates fine . 4k and hdr games look great . it does not come with a native 4k player . games load faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are noticeably superior . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the download speed are faster as well . it made a difference in performance and graphics it has faster processing power and load times . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it can produce amazing graphics . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . it made a difference in performance and graphics this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are pretty amazing . the games load up fast . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my ps4 was on the way out and i loved my ps4 exclusive games so i maxed the decision to get the ps4 pro . it does everything the ps4 does but better . the only drawback is the lack of native 4k . it performs some visual tricks to get close , but it does not quite get threre ( it still looks good though ) . if native 4k is important to you , get an xbox one x , but if you do not care about that , the ps4 pro is an excellent device .####it lacks 4k . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the 4k games are incredible . games look better . the bluray player is not a 4k . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the fan is super loud ! the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####there is no fps drops . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . 4k and hdr games look great . games look and play fantastic . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the 4k games are incredible . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####you will notice the smoother framerate . it has best picture and framerate . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me , i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade ! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4 ! it has wonderful apps , is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console ! i am excited to continue to use and love it ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games have been great so far . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is a sleek system with good visuals . i am happy with the performance of the ps4 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . 4k gaming is also good . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the picture is amazing . you can do all kinds of things . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the graphics are clearer . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it looks great on my 4k tv . the graphics are better . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . i could immediately see the difference with games . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . graphics are better and faster . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture quality is impressive . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . the games load up fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####games look awesome on my 4k tv . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it has great performance , and is much faster . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####there is a difference in graphics . the 4k games are incredible . the bluray is really good . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . the hard drive was mal functioning . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####there is no fps drops . it is the hdr that makes this shine . games look and play fantastic . games look great and controllers are nice . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the 4k optimized games look amazing . the exclusives are so great . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it has fast , great graphics . the graphics are better . the size of the updates are huge . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has best picture and framerate . it does not come with a native 4k player . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the image quality is amazing . it has best picture and framerate . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the 4k games are incredible . the picture quality are astounding . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####you will notice the smoother framerate . the addition of 4k capability is great . the picture is amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the bluray is really good . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . graphics is impressive . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it has great performance , and is much faster . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####graphics is very very good . the exclusives are so great . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####games look great and controllers are nice . processor is faster . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "at first i was not sure bout ps4 pro but now reading more bout it ended up buying it , also dont care of 4k player bcuz the pro can upscale regular bluray movies and games to 4k resolution.i also have a 50 \u2018 4ktv so cant wait.its funny how people wine and grone bout ps4 pro not 4k player.to me its okay at least it has an upscaler feature system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the pro upscales bluray movies and games to 4k resolution . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not come with a native 4k player . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . i could immediately see the difference with games . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####visuals are stunning . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the wide variety of titles is second to none . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4 .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are amazing and life like . games look so much better . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . games run smoother . it is extra fast . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . the playstation 4 pro is the go-to console for true gamers . in terms of processing power it is 2-3 times more powerful than the original ps4 . compared to the regular ps4 , it features an upgraded gpu , upclocked cpu , and a larger hard drive . this results in games with higher framerate and better graphics . the only knock on this console , as others have noted , it does not feature a 4k bluray player . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics are clearer . it has better graphics . the framerate are higher . it has best picture and framerate . the system loads faster . it is much more powerful . it has an upgraded gpu . it has more memory space . the hard drive is larger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####the addition of 4k capability is great . i notice very little difference in graphics . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the exclusive games are good . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the graphics are noticeably superior . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it has great performance , and is much faster . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####it has better graphics and framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games looks and plays great . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it has better graphics and framerate . the graphics are amazing . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the games have been great so far . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . it is a sleek system with good visuals . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray . performance of ps4 is too good . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics is amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are better . it has best picture and framerate . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i already had the original ps4 and it was running perfectly fine but i have a 4k tv and have been really wanting products that can use that technology and there have been really good reviews on the pro . it is also really nice having more hard drive space as well considering 500 gb just isnt enough when they take up a considerable amount for the system hardware and stuff####games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the one tb storage is great . it is nice to have more hard drive space . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####you will notice the smoother framerate . the graphics are unreal . i could immediately see the difference with games . you will notice the faster load times . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the wifi is definitely better . it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the smoothness in gameplay is big . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . this is a great upgrade for current ps4 owners even if you do not own a 4k tv . the system has a `` boost mode '' option that slightly enhances games even if they do not have a pro patch . if you have a normal 1080p tv , you can still benefit from the increased power of the pro . having a sharper 1080p image along with a steadier framerate for some games that might have had framerate problems . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . this is a great upgrade for current ps4 owners even if you do not own a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear####graphics are much nicer . my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . the console runs faster and smoother . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the exclusives are so great . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . the fan is much quieter . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the wifi is definitely better . it is great with a hdr screen . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it looks nice on my 4k tv . games look great and controllers are nice . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the 4k games are incredible . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####graphics are lifelike . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . the exclusives are so great . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows .####however , there may be a wifi issue . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####you will notice the smoother framerate . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . you will notice the faster load times . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i traded my regular ps4 in for the pro and it has been an awesome decision despite not being a hardcore gamer . i do not get the utilization as my vizio 4k tv does not support hdr on hdmi ( but does in iapp , wth ? ! ? ) nonetheless still makes a huge difference in picture quality . i watch a lot of movies on the epix app in 4k since my cable service is only 1080i####it makes a huge difference in picture quality . the exclusives are so great . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics are much nicer . i love the performance of my pro . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the 4k games are incredible . graphics is impressive . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the pro is a worthy upgrade to the ps4 slim . the main differences are really showcased if you have a 4k tv with hdr . if the software take advantage , you will be showcased a beautiful spectacle of gaming , full high dynamic range in great detail . uncharted , gran turismo , and particularly the new god of war are just breathtaking . even games like fortnite with benefit from larger draw distances and zippier load times . the standard in consoles .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . you will have a spectacle gaming with great detail . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it has best picture and framerate . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . i really appreciate the one tb storage . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . it does not come with a native 4k player . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it made a difference in performance and graphics if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . graphics are lifelike . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . there is a difference in graphics . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####games are better in resolution . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the addition of 4k capability is great . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . graphics are much nicer . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the 4k games are incredible . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the graphics are amazing . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . 4k gaming is also good . the system is really quiet . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the games have faster framerate . it made a difference in performance and graphics i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has better graphics and framerate . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . the 4k games are incredible . it has better graphics . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####the picture quality is impressive . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . this does not lag on games . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the 4k quality is amazing . the exclusives are so great . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####games look better . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . 4k gaming is also good . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the addition of 4k capability is great . visuals are stunning . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the wide variety of titles is second to none . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the games have faster framerate . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####it has decent graphics . the exclusive games are amazing . it has great gameplay . it made a difference in performance and graphics it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the graphics is amazing . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it has great performance , and is much faster . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games run smoother . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . there is no 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the graphics are unreal . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . the exclusives are so great . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####it can produce amazing graphics . the quality of the video graphics is great . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . this console has plenty of space . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . great console for the price . only worth the upgrade if you have or will soon have 4ktv with hdr . bummer no 4k drive but i have a x1s anyway . could be me but for 4k video streaming i think xbox one s seems a tad clearer . but the ps4 pro games that are supported are truly stunning . it even makes cod look like eye candy . the console has great potential , i only hope devs will utilize this . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####games that supported 4k are stunnung . it has best picture and framerate . the additional capacity is great . upgrade only if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are stunning . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####the wifi is definitely better . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####i could immediately see the difference with games . the new ps4 has way better performance . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . there is no 4k bluray player . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it does not come with a native 4k player . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the graphics are stunning . graphics are much nicer . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the graphics are better . ps4 pro is amazing . 4k and hdr games look great . it is extra fast . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . the pro is a worthy upgrade to the ps4 slim . the main differences are really showcased if you have a 4k tv with hdr . if the software take advantage , you will be showcased a beautiful spectacle of gaming , full high dynamic range in great detail . uncharted , gran turismo , and particularly the new god of war are just breathtaking . even games like fortnite with benefit from larger draw distances and zippier load times . the standard in consoles . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . you will have a spectacle gaming with great detail .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####there is no fps drops . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . games look and play fantastic . playing games with this system is enjoyable . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####graphics and framerate are top notch . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are pretty amazing . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the 4k quality is amazing . the graphics are great . graphics are much nicer . the system could not play my 4k movies . it has plenty storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . the games run smoother . it is extra fast . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the extra space is a huge plus . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the wifi is definitely better . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the image quality is amazing . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####downloads seem faster . uhd 4k is great . the games feel smoother . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the 4k quality is amazing . the graphics are amazing and life like . it has plenty storage . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . great console for the price . only worth the upgrade if you have or will soon have 4ktv with hdr . bummer no 4k drive but i have a x1s anyway . could be me but for 4k video streaming i think xbox one s seems a tad clearer . but the ps4 pro games that are supported are truly stunning . it even makes cod look like eye candy . the console has great potential , i only hope devs will utilize this . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . games that supported 4k are stunnung . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . upgrade only if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo ! ( yes it is been that long lol ) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years . this system is awesome ! easy to set up , easy to use , and works great with my new 4k tv ! this thing is a beast ! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . this system is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the scaling to 4k is great . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the selections of games are a bonus . the system runs perfectly . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####it has great graphics . the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the image quality is amazing . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####graphics are lifelike . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it has more efficient online gaming . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i bought a 75 '' qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice . games look better and the new system is faster . i can not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr ultra hd movies and the xbox x does . it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k games are incredible . games look better . however , it does not play hdr or ultra hd movies . the new system is faster .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####uhd 4k is great . it has fast , great graphics . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . there is a difference in graphics . it is not a 4k bluray player . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the games look significantly better . the graphics are noticeably superior . menus are fast . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics and framerate are top notch . resolution is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the 4k was awesome ! i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it has great performance , and is much faster . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has great graphics . games look awesome on my 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . games run smoother . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the gaming quality has a huge difference . it has more efficient online gaming . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the graphics look amazing . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . there is a difference when playing games . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .####downloads seem faster . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the games feel smoother . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . 4k gaming is also good . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no uhd player . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the graphics are clearer . resolution is great . it made a difference in performance and graphics the system loads faster . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the enhanced graphics are great . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the fan is not that loud . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the 4k quality is amazing . the exclusive games are amazing . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console is one of the best on the market today . ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr . you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work . i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform . five stars out of five stars for me . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has more memory and is faster . this is a great consolel that does hdr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####it has best picture and framerate . sony has the best exclusive games and content . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the addition of 4k capability is great . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####the exclusives are so great . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it is a superior gaming machine . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my launch ps4 recently began showing signs of slow down . so , i went out and upgraded to ps4 pro . the unit is quicker with load times and just seems to move through menus seamlessly without hesitation . have not noticed a big difference in graphical quality yet . if your original unit still runs fine , there is no need to upgrade . but , if this is your first system , definitely go for the pro . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####i did not noticed a big difference in graphical quality . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the unit is quicker with load times and menus are seamless . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the graphics are pretty amazing . the exclusives are so great . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the console runs faster and smoother . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the quality of the video graphics is great . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the image quality is amazing . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the system is quicker . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the image quality is amazing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####performance and graphics are great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has decent graphics . 4k and hdr games look great . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the playstation store also runs smoother . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics and speed are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the picture is amazing with my tv . the console runs faster and smoother . it has a 1 tb hard drive . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it has decent graphics . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has great gameplay . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it has horrible load times . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . the exclusive games are good . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the fan is super loud ! the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the 4k support looks great . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are lifelike . it does not support 4k bluray discs . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the fan is super loud ! the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the exclusives are great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####it looks great on my 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####the 4k games are incredible . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it is a superior gaming machine . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####graphics look great and more detailed now . i could immediately see the difference with games . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i previously had a ps4 ( launch date ) and upgraded to a 4k tv , decided to go with the ps4 pro as well ( sold the original ) and i have to say the games that support 4k just blow you away , and the games that do not upscale great , i would definitely recommend this over the original if you ever plan to get a 4k tv , the difference is extremely noticable ( my original ps4 would have pixelation issues , the pro does not )####the graphics are stunning . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games that support 4k are amazing . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are better . graphics are much nicer . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the picture quality are astounding . the exclusives are so great . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####i could immediately see the difference with games . the bluray is really good . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it is great with a hdr screen . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order ! this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the graphics are significantly better . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the games look significantly better . the graphics are noticeably superior . the scaling to 4k is great . menus are fast . the selections of games are a bonus . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games look better . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not play 4k bluray . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . there is no 4k bluray player . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it supports 4k and hdr video . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the exclusives are so great . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the games that supports 4k is astounding . there is no noise during gameplay . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the games look significantly better . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . menus are fast . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics are better and faster . it has near 4k graphics . it change the quality of all games . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the hd quality is better than any device i have . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . impressive console . i have an xbox x ans i bought this for the exclusives . god of war , uncharted series ( carve out a weekend for these games ) and mlb the show . consoles are similar , bluray is not 4k , but it will stream 4k . ease of use to set up compared to an xbox is similar . downside is placement of the d pad and constant need to charge controllers . buy the exclusives , you can not go wrong ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . the exclusives are great ! bluray does not play 4k . but it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . games look great and controllers are nice . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . games look great and controllers are nice . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this to go with my new 4k tv . the quality is slightly better than the regular ps4 in my opinion . the games i have been playing however were not made with the 4k and the ps4 pro is upscaling it . i am not sure it is worth to spend the extra until more games will use the 4k . other than that the system is running great and seems quicker then the previous model as well . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the quality is better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . the system runs quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k output is gorgeous . it has better graphics and framerate . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . games look great and controllers are nice . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are unreal . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it does not come with a native 4k player . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games have faster framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it has great graphics . it lacks the 4k bluray . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the 4k was awesome ! it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro , and have really enjoyed my experience . ps4 pro 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k tv , and i can tell a difference between regular , and pro albeit not a tremendous amount . if i have one con , it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k bluray discs . overall , i highly recommend this product for any true gamer . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . 4k capabilities are incredible . it has best picture and framerate . it does not play 4k bluray discs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the picture is amazing with my tv . the fan is much quieter . it has a 1 tb hard drive . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####graphics are lifelike . the enhanced graphics are great . the graphics are clearer . the system loads faster . the hard drive space is a plus . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . there is no uhd player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####it does not play games in true 4k . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . load time was a lot quicker . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i got this console because i wanted new titles to play and so far im extremely impressed ! i purchased \u201c detroit become human \u201d and it has been a fantastic experience . i also got it because i want to buy a 4k tv which i am doing soon so my gaming experience would be on the next level . this console has made me enjoy games again and i will continue to purchase more titles search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . titles are impressive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####downloads seem faster . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . the games feel smoother . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it is extra fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . it has great performance , and is much faster . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles , they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast . great system . but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it does not play 4k movies . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####it looks great on my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it has near 4k graphics . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . not going to lie i was a little nervous about dumping 450 bucks into a system i already had . but i can tell you for sure this is definately worth the upgrade . you need to have 4k tv to see the ups to having this system , not to mention the boost to operating speeds and reduced lag online because you can connect to 5ghz speed internet .####the 5ghz speed internet reduced lags online . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . this is definately worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####the 4k support is great . vr capabilities really are state of the art . i could immediately see the difference with games . the system runs perfectly . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the picture is amazing . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . well finally i have a system that will utilize the 4k native resolution . and when the games are given the patch for it , it is worth every penny spent on the system . amazing and better processing power . plus the graphics boost during the vr experiences makes this the go to system . if you have your old ps4 system you will also get trade in value for the system . this will knock the price down . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the exclusives are so great . graphics boost during vr experiences . the processing power is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the games in 4k looks better . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4 .####graphics are fantastic . it has best picture and framerate . games look so much better . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the graphics are amazing . sony has the best exclusive games and content . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k capabilities are terrific . graphics and framerate are top notch . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the picture is amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro , and have really enjoyed my experience . ps4 pro 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k tv , and i can tell a difference between regular , and pro albeit not a tremendous amount . if i have one con , it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k bluray discs . overall , i highly recommend this product for any true gamer .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k capabilities are incredible . games look great and controllers are nice . it does not play 4k bluray discs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the exclusives are so great . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . games run smoother . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####there is no fps drops . i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . games look and play fantastic . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i bought the pro because i wanted the best picture nonetheless . i paired it to asus gaming monitor and was amazed at the picture and smoothness of the games . coming from an xbox one x i was a bit let down due to sometimes being a bit laggy loading up certain things on the main menu . also the main menu is not as user friendly as compared to an xbox but does not take that long to learn . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####i was amazed at the picture and smoothness of the games . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the menu is not as user friendly as xbox . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####it does not play 4k movies . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the graphics are pretty amazing . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it is extra fast . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####however , the fan is very loud . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . ps4 pro is a good upgrade . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####graphics are better . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . gameplay and menus are smoother . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####graphics are lifelike . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it has best picture and framerate . it is great with a hdr screen . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####graphics are lifelike . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . i do not like the controller , it is bigger .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the fan is not that loud . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the wifi is definitely better . i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the bluray player is not a 4k . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it looks great on my 4k tv . games look great and controllers are nice . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are amazing . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are sweet . graphics and framerate are top notch . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####graphics look great and more detailed now . games look better . it lacks the 4k bluray . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must !####there is no fps drops . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . games look and play fantastic . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games look significantly better . the exclusives are great . menus are fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are stunning . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####graphics look great and more detailed now . graphics are lifelike . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it lacks the 4k bluray . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are great . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . games look great and controllers are nice . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games looks and plays great . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are great . the additional capacity is great . the video quality is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it is the hdr that makes this shine . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the performance enhancements made this worth . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####there is a difference in graphics . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the exclusive games are good . power is efficient . there is no lags . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####ps4 pro is amazing . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . it is extra fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv####it has best picture and framerate . the games can be played in 4k . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . games look better . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it has great graphics . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics is amazing . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the 4k games are incredible . the performance of vr is awesome . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i upgraded from the og ps4 and have noticed a big difference . i got this primarily for the psvr and i can not say that it is night and day but does run much smoother and all the small improvements do make for a noticeable difference . i am able to play for a longer period of time with little to no eye strain and really enjoy the small upgrades and further draw distances .####it has best picture and framerate . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it runs much smoother and makes a noticeable difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics and speed are amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the exclusives are so great . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the graphics are impressive . the games have been great so far . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics and speed are amazing ! graphics are nice , too . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the picture is amazing . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the enhanced graphics are great . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it made a difference in performance and graphics the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the games look significantly better . the graphics is amazing . it change the quality of all games . menus are fast . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . the ps4 pro is a premium console it is designed to do what no other console has previously done , which it excelled and reached that benchmark . with nice technical specs and enhanced visuals which makes of a good combination for a great console . the only downfall is there no 4k bluray player included in with the system , while sony makes bluray discs bucome on now sony otherwise impressive system . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled . the only downfall is there is no 4k bluray player . the nice technical specs and enhanced visuals makes a good combination for a great console .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are amazing and life like . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the vr was easy to use . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####i could immediately see the difference with games . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the quality of the video graphics is great . there is a difference in graphics . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it is not a 4k bluray player . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . it has fast , great graphics . the resolution boosts . the size of the updates are huge . 4k gaming experience is good . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . graphics is impressive . the exclusives are so great . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the smoothness in gameplay is big . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it is worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i originally owned the first release edition ps4 . which worked great for years but lately i noticed things were taking longer and the fan was awful . about a month ago i got the pro and it was amazing . it runs so much better than my old console . and while you will need to own a 4k tv to truly experience the better graphics but even with my regular tv there was a definite improvement . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there was a definite improvement even with my regular tv . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it has great games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . all i can say is there is a huge difference . between a ps4 and ps4 pro . graphics , game play ! processor speed alone and hard drive space helps ! must buy ! do not spend your money on a ps4 unless it is the ps4 pro ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the processor speed helps . the hard drive space helps ! this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . there is a huge difference between ps4 and ps4 pro . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the games look significantly better . the games have been great so far . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . menus are fast . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not )####downloads seem faster . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the games feel smoother .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . there are many options for games and the exclusives . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i really appreciate the one tb storage . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . it has best picture and framerate . ps4 has great exclusives . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the picture is amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####ps4 pro is amazing . 4k and hdr games look great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is extra fast . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the one tb storage is great . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . the new hardware design is nice . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . graphics is very very good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i am so happy i bought the ps4 pro . i was on the fence about 4k but this thing can push some amazing graphics ! the main reason i splurged is because i ended up selling my og ps4 when the switch came out , and got a 4k tv for christmas so though what the heck . and it is not much bigger than the launch ps4 . the upgrade to 4k is well worth the price .####the games look significantly better . it has best picture and framerate . this thing can push some amazing graphics . menus are fast . the upgrade to 4k is worth the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . many games improves . the system is really quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . i could immediately see the difference with games . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . graphics and framerate are top notch . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####graphics are much nicer . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . i could immediately see the difference with games . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####it has fast , great graphics . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the size of the updates are huge . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 4k support looks great . the bluray player is not a 4k . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the 4k quality is amazing . the 4k was awesome ! the bluray player is not a 4k . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it looks great on my 4k tv . processor is faster . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####uhd 4k is great . it looks great on my 4k tv . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the picture is amazing with my tv . it has fast , great graphics . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the size of the updates are huge . it has a 1 tb hard drive . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the menus and games are amazing . the speed is amazing . the quality of the product is amazing . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it has great graphics . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i have just been playing on my ps3 until now . this is such an awesome improvement . i can not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4 , but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming , 1 tb storage , non-pita background downloads , and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho . game play is excellent as always .####graphics are lifelike . the picture is amazing . graphics and user interface are better . 1 tb hard drive is also good . live game streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the games look significantly better . the graphics are amazing . menus are fast . it is a superior gaming machine . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . games look great and controllers are nice . the system runs perfectly . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####the games in 4k looks better . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the vr was easy to use . the games that supports 4k is astounding . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####graphics are lifelike . it is a superior gaming machine . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it can produce amazing graphics . uhd 4k is great . the graphics are amazing . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####visuals are stunning . the exclusive games are good . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the hd quality is better than any device i have . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . it can produce amazing graphics . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the graphics are amazing and life like . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####there is no fps drops . there is a difference in graphics . the image quality is amazing . games look and play fantastic . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would 100 % recommend ps4pro if you own a 4k tv or monitor but as far as if you dont own a 4k tv or monitor you wont be able to take full advantage of what the console can do , with that said you will still see a noticeable difference in loading speeds and even a slight difference in graphics not to mention the extra 1 tb space doesnt hurt either ! i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there is a slight difference in graphics . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is a noticeable difference in loading speeds . the system is quicker with loading . the extra 1 tb space is greart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####uhd 4k is great . it is great with a hdr screen . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . the size of the updates are huge . it has great games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the performance enhancements made this worth . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the graphics are great . graphics are lifelike . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i have a 4k tv with hdr so i got a ps4 pro to take advantage of it . the pro is significantly larger and heavier than the slim , and the graphical upgrade is negligible . sure , some games offer a boost in fps , but it is inconsistent . and of course there no 4k uhd bluray player . just standard bluray . stick with the slim unless you find a great deal on the pro . but even then , i prefer the sleekness of the ps4 slim . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphical upgrade is negligible . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no 4k uhd bluray player . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . games look and play fantastic . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . processor is faster . games load faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####uhd 4k is great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####graphics are lifelike . graphics is very very good . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . there is a difference in graphics . it is not a 4k bluray player . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the picture is amazing with my tv . graphics are much nicer . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . 4k gaming is also good . the exclusive games are amazing . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are amazing and life like . the games load up fast . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the download speed are faster as well . the picture is amazing . resolution is great . it has faster processing power and load times . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####uhd 4k is great . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the new ps4 has way better performance . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i bought this console so that i could play a couple ps4 games that i had my heart set on but quickly fell in love with the other features of the ps4 as well . in addition to gaming , i use my ps4 regularly to watch tv movies videos with apps like hbo , youtube , mlb.tv , espn , and listen to music with spotify . with the ps4 in my living room , i rarely need another device for home entertainment . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is great with my games . it is also great to watch tv , movies , and videos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the playstation store also runs smoother . graphics are lifelike . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the graphics and speed are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too####the wifi is definitely better . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture is amazing with my tv . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . it has fast , great graphics . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the size of the updates are huge . there is no noise during gameplay . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics are much nicer . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! the performance is impressive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####the 4k quality is amazing . the 4k support is great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . there are many options for games and the exclusives . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are amazing . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! the system is really quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it has best picture and framerate . games run smoother . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the exclusive games are good . i could immediately see the difference with games . the fan is super loud ! the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are better . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i purchased the pro about a year after i purchased the original ps4 . i game on a 1080p screen so i was really just looking to increase performance and framerate which it has done fairly well . seems to be a lot quieter and load times have improved on older games with the latest firmware update . not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it seems to be quieter and load times have improved . the fan is a bit loud . it is not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . graphics are much nicer . the bluray is really good . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage .####the menus and games are amazing . the speed is amazing . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the quality of the product is amazing . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it .####graphics are enhanced for games . the exclusives are so great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it does not play games in true 4k . it has best picture and framerate . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . visuals are stunning . i could immediately see the difference with games . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has fast , great graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it has near 4k graphics . the size of the updates are huge . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . load times are faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are a ps4 owner , clearly you are happy with your console . if you own a 4k tv , you are clearly happy with your tv . if you have a ps4 , it is technically hdr ready , but do you need the extra beef ? the load times improve , the graphics definitely look better and if you have a 4k tv , you can totally push the limits even more . it is a matter of choice ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics look better . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the load times improve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are better . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . it has great performance , and is much faster . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the wifi is definitely better . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . graphics are much nicer . the graphics are amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####there is no fps drops . it can produce amazing graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . games look and play fantastic . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i could immediately see the difference with games . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . this does not lag on games . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are unreal . the exclusives are so great . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the menus and games are amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! the speed is amazing . the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are great . the video quality is great . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . many games improves . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are clearer . it has great performance , and is much faster . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . graphics and framerate are top notch . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the wifi is definitely better . it has more efficient online gaming . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it does not play games in true 4k . the 4k games are incredible . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####ps4 pro is amazing . it is great with a hdr screen . it is extra fast . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . i could immediately see the difference with games . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games have been great so far . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it is a sleek system with good visuals . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the graphics are stunning . the exclusive games are good . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . the fan is super loud ! there is noticeable performance improvements . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the image quality is amazing . it has best picture and framerate . the system is quicker . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are noticeably superior . the graphics are amazing . performance of ps4 is too good . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the graphics are amazing and life like . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has best picture and framerate . it does not come with a native 4k player . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the 4k output is gorgeous . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . load times take longer . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the picture quality is impressive . i could immediately see the difference with games . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it produces fantastic graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . the gameplay is seamless . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the graphics are pretty amazing . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the games that supports 4k is astounding . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####uhd 4k is great . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it has great performance , and is much faster . the system is quicker . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the picture quality is impressive . the 4k games are incredible . 4k gaming is also good . the games load up fast . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k is great on my big screen . the 4k support looks great . it has best picture and framerate . the storage is great for all my games . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it has better graphics and framerate . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics and speed are amazing ! 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are better . it has near 4k graphics . you can do all kinds of things . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the 4k games are incredible . the bluray is really good . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . it is extra fast . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it has near 4k graphics . the performance of vr is awesome . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro about a year after i purchased the original ps4 . i game on a 1080p screen so i was really just looking to increase performance and framerate which it has done fairly well . seems to be a lot quieter and load times have improved on older games with the latest firmware update . not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it seems to be quieter and load times have improved . it is not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the graphics are noticeably superior . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . the exclusives are so great . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the games look significantly better . it has best picture and framerate . menus are fast . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so !####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the exclusives are so great . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . the pro has many advantages over the slim model and the only thing that beats it as far as gaming is my pc . i got a great deal at christmas for it , but i wish i had more time to actually use it . god of war was smooth on it , along with other games . i think we have watched more videos using the bluray player in it than playing games . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture is amazing with my tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games are smooth . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the graphics are stunning . i could immediately see the difference with games . the fan is much quieter . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . 4k gaming is also good . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it has fast , great graphics . it is great with a hdr screen . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it .####the wifi is definitely better . the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are sweet . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####games are better in resolution . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it has more efficient online gaming . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the 4k output is gorgeous . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it does not have a 4k bluray player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust . one thing for sure though , games do run much smoother . some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference . ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro . my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3 . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the graphics are pretty amazing . games do run much smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the exclusives are so great . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the system is quicker with loading . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are stunning . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the performance is excellent ! the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the picture quality on games is amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the 4k output is gorgeous . graphics and framerate are top notch . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is a superior gaming machine . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions .####the graphics are amazing . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the system is really quiet . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####the wifi is definitely better . these new systems require the internet . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k quality is amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . i really appreciate the one tb storage . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####there is a difference in graphics . the 4k support is great . the games have been great so far . power is efficient . there is no lags . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it has better graphics . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k quality is amazing . it has best picture and framerate . it has more efficient online gaming . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has decent graphics . graphics is impressive . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . it made a difference in performance and graphics the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . i could immediately see the difference with games . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are amazing and life like . it does not come with a native 4k player . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it looks great on my 4k tv . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are amazing and life like . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the exclusive games are amazing . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the games look significantly better . the exclusives are so great . menus are fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####i notice very little difference in graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . however , the fan is very loud . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks !####graphics are fantastic . the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are nice , too . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the vr was easy to use . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is extra fast . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the picture is amazing . the graphics are amazing and life like . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the wifi is definitely better . there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are stunning . graphics are much nicer . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the performance is excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####games look better . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the exclusives are so great . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the hd quality is better than any device i have . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the graphics are amazing . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the system is really quiet . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i bought this as a christmas gift for my fiance , he absolutely loves it ! i love the hd quality that it has when watching movies and playing video games ! it is the best gaming consule ever ! my fiance loves the online capabilities and that he can play with his friends even if they are not close by ! so glad i upgraded and bought the pro !####the 4k output is gorgeous . i love the hd quality when watching movies and playing video games ! i could immediately see the difference with games . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . i love the performance of my pro . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics and framerate are top notch . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####the gaming quality has a huge difference . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####there is no fps drops . it has fast , great graphics . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . games look and play fantastic . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the picture is amazing with my tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has a 1 tb hard drive . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####downloads seem faster . there is no fps drops . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . games look and play fantastic . the games feel smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the picture is amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the picture is amazing with my tv . the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are better . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i bought this as a christmas gift for my fiance , he absolutely loves it ! i love the hd quality that it has when watching movies and playing video games ! it is the best gaming consule ever ! my fiance loves the online capabilities and that he can play with his friends even if they are not close by ! so glad i upgraded and bought the pro !####i love the hd quality when watching movies and playing video games ! i could immediately see the difference with games . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####downloads seem faster . the graphics are better . the games feel smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####graphics are lifelike . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####the image quality is amazing . the fan is much quieter . the system is quicker . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####graphics are better . graphics are lifelike . gameplay and menus are smoother . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the screen flickers and then turns black . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games are better in resolution . 4k and hdr games look great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . performance is better . games run smoothes . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the graphics are clearer . it has best picture and framerate . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####graphics are lifelike . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####there is a difference in graphics . power is efficient . there is no lags . it made a difference in performance and graphics the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . games run better and menus are faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the image quality is amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . i love the performance of my pro . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the graphics are great . the 4k games are incredible . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the graphics are unreal . the games that supports 4k is astounding . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the picture is amazing . the bluray is really good . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i own both xbox and playstation . i think the major difference is playstation is more for hardcore gamers who really want to immerse themselves in the graphics and gameplay , where xbox is more of a social gamer , who plays every now and then and wants more entertainment value out of their system . each has their own exclusives which are great , but currently , i am leaning more towards the playstation ones , with the last of us , uncharted and horizon zero dawn .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the major difference is playstation is more for gamers who want to immerse in graphics and gameplay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . the games have been great so far . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the wifi is definitely better . the games in 4k looks better . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . 4k and hdr games look great . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the performance enhancements made this worth . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are great . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system could not play my 4k movies . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the bluray player is not a 4k . it does not come with a native 4k player . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the image quality is amazing . the exclusive games are amazing . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics are fantastic . graphics and framerate are top notch . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are better . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the graphics are amazing . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it can produce amazing graphics . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv . this console did not disappoint at all . there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####there are noticeable differences in games between the 2 consoles . the exclusive games are good . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the loading time is improved . the fan is super loud ! multitasking is impressive . the extra storage is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . the 4k games are incredible . it has better graphics . the games that supports 4k is astounding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . graphics is impressive . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . the performance is impressive . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture quality are astounding . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the 4k was awesome ! the one tb storage is great . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the graphics is amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it has better graphics and framerate . graphics is impressive . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy####there is a difference in graphics . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the gaming quality has a huge difference . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing .####it change the quality of all games . the exclusives are so great . the larger hard drive is worth it . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####graphics are lifelike . however , the fan is very loud . ps4 pro is a good upgrade . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the 4k was awesome ! it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the picture is amazing with my tv . the image quality is amazing . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the system is quicker . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the picture is amazing . it has near 4k graphics . vr capabilities really are state of the art . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive .####there is no fps drops . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . games look and play fantastic . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the image quality is amazing . it has best picture and framerate . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny . was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####it has best picture and framerate . it is great with a hdr screen . the graphics are crisp and smooth . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the graphics are great . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . the system could not play my 4k movies . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####graphics are lifelike . the graphics are unreal . the exclusive games are amazing . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####there is a difference in graphics . it does not play games in true 4k . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . power is efficient . there is no lags . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . i could immediately see the difference with games . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the performance of vr is awesome . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo ! ( yes it is been that long lol ) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years . this system is awesome ! easy to set up , easy to use , and works great with my new 4k tv ! this thing is a beast ! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . this system is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the graphics are great . the image quality is amazing . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the system is quicker . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####there are extra usb ports . the picture is amazing . the games have higher resolution and framerate . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . i could immediately see the difference with games . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . games run better and menus are faster . i do not like the controller , it is bigger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i am an xbox guy generally , but finally decided to buy a ps4 pro to take advantage of my new 4k tv and play the ps4 exclusives . i still prefer the xbox one x overall , but i am surprised at how much i like the ps4 pro , and the games are amazing , i am loving horizon zero dawn . dashboard feels very fast and lightweight compared to the resource heavy dashboard on the xbox . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . resolution is great . the games of ps4 pro are amazing ! it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo ! ( yes it is been that long lol ) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years . this system is awesome ! easy to set up , easy to use , and works great with my new 4k tv ! this thing is a beast ! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it has best picture and framerate . it does not have a 4k bluray player . this system is awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . the console runs faster and smoother . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics are better . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has best picture and framerate . gameplay and menus are smoother . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####games are better in resolution . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . performance is better . games run smoothes . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####the exclusives are so great . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video .####the 4k games are incredible . the picture is amazing with my tv . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a 1 tb hard drive . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####games are better in resolution . the picture is great with my 4k tv . performance is better . games run smoothes . the fan is not that loud . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the games have been great so far . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it has great graphics . it has fast , great graphics . it is great with a hdr screen . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the pro has many advantages over the slim model and the only thing that beats it as far as gaming is my pc . i got a great deal at christmas for it , but i wish i had more time to actually use it . god of war was smooth on it , along with other games . i think we have watched more videos using the bluray player in it than playing games .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are much nicer . the size of the updates are huge . games are smooth . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the 4k games are incredible . the exclusive games are amazing . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are great . the exclusives are so great . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are noticeably superior . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . the extra space is a huge plus . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the 4k support looks great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the enhanced graphics are great . the graphics are clearer . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the system loads faster . the hard drive space is a plus . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the playstation store also runs smoother . graphics are lifelike . the graphics and speed are amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it .####it can produce amazing graphics . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it change the quality of all games . this console has plenty of space . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance . the console runs faster and smoother . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics is very very good . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####graphics are much nicer . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the scaling to 4k is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . this does not lag on games . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it .####the wifi is definitely better . it change the quality of all games . i really appreciate the one tb storage . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the wifi is definitely better . there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the wifi is definitely better . this does not lag on games . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the graphics are better . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the 4k quality is amazing . the picture is amazing with my tv . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . it has plenty storage . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . graphics are enhanced for games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k bluray player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the graphics are amazing and life like . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the playstation store also runs smoother . the graphics and speed are amazing . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it has great graphics . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it has best picture and framerate . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####games look amazing . they run very smooth . it does not feel so good . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not accept any cds . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####the wifi is definitely better . it has great graphics . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the 4k games are incredible . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####graphics are enhanced for games . the exclusive games are amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the graphics are great . graphics are lifelike . the system could not play my 4k movies . it is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are much nicer . the games load up fast . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the resolution boosts . the exclusives are so great . 4k gaming experience is good . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the enhanced graphics are great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the games have been great so far . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it made a difference in performance and graphics the hard drive was mal functioning . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the 4k games are incredible . it produces fantastic graphics . resolution is great . the gameplay is seamless . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the console runs faster and smoother . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . performance and graphics are great . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . power is efficient . there is no lags . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have read so many reviews about the playstation 4 pro that i can not think of anything new to say . it is a great machine ! i play several games with my grandson every time he comes over . the first thing he asks is can we play ps 4 ? and for last christmas we purchased a sony 4k ultra hd tv . the graphics are so crisp and clear , you do not miss a trick . and vr . great fun ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the graphics are crisp and clear . i could immediately see the difference with games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####4k gaming is also good . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the extra hard drive space is good . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it does not support 4k bluray discs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me , i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade ! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4 ! it has wonderful apps , is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console ! i am excited to continue to use and love it !####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . i am happy with the performance of the ps4 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are amazing . graphics is impressive . it lacks the 4k bluray . the system is really quiet . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics are pretty amazing . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . there is no noise during gameplay . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the graphics are significantly better . the image quality is amazing . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are amazing . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is really quiet . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####uhd 4k is great . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the fan is super loud ! it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i upgraded from the og ps4 and have noticed a big difference . i got this primarily for the psvr and i can not say that it is night and day but does run much smoother and all the small improvements do make for a noticeable difference . i am able to play for a longer period of time with little to no eye strain and really enjoy the small upgrades and further draw distances .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance enhancements made this worth . it runs much smoother and makes a noticeable difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####the games have been great so far . it is a superior gaming machine . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the wifi is definitely better . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are nice , too . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it looks nice on my 4k tv . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####the wifi is definitely better . load time was a lot quicker . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . the games run smoother . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it has best picture and framerate . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####games are better in resolution . the 4k games are incredible . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the 4k games are incredible . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are better . the image quality is amazing . graphics are much nicer . gameplay and menus are smoother . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the exclusives are so great . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####the graphics are amazing . i notice very little difference in graphics . the games have been great so far . the system is really quiet . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the pro has many advantages over the slim model and the only thing that beats it as far as gaming is my pc . i got a great deal at christmas for it , but i wish i had more time to actually use it . god of war was smooth on it , along with other games . i think we have watched more videos using the bluray player in it than playing games . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####games are smooth . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the graphics are amazing and life like . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . graphics are much nicer . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . the games can be played in 4k . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . the console runs faster and smoother . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are noticeably superior . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i have just been playing on my ps3 until now . this is such an awesome improvement . i can not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4 , but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming , 1 tb storage , non-pita background downloads , and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho . game play is excellent as always .####the graphics are amazing and life like . graphics and user interface are better . the extra space is a huge plus . 1 tb hard drive is also good . live game streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are amazing . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####games look better . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the download speed are faster as well . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the games have faster framerate . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it is the hdr that makes this shine . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the graphics are impressive . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the system is quicker with loading . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the games in 4k looks better . the games that supports 4k is astounding . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics are much nicer . the graphics are amazing . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the games have faster framerate . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . uhd 4k is great . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i already had the original ps4 and it was running perfectly fine but i have a 4k tv and have been really wanting products that can use that technology and there have been really good reviews on the pro . it is also really nice having more hard drive space as well considering 500 gb just isnt enough when they take up a considerable amount for the system hardware and stuff####the 4k support is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance . it is nice to have more hard drive space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the gaming quality has a huge difference . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are amazing . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the 4k games are incredible . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the image quality is amazing . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####i love the amazing graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . the games have faster framerate . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . performance and graphics are great . the exclusive games are amazing . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . graphics is impressive . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the performance is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the download speed are faster as well . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture is amazing with my tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order ! i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are significantly better . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i upgraded from the og ps4 and have noticed a big difference . i got this primarily for the psvr and i can not say that it is night and day but does run much smoother and all the small improvements do make for a noticeable difference . i am able to play for a longer period of time with little to no eye strain and really enjoy the small upgrades and further draw distances .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the fan is a bit loud . it runs much smoother and makes a noticeable difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . graphics is impressive . it has great performance , and is much faster . the performance is impressive . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the picture is amazing with my tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoy this new playstation , it can stream and play videos and games in 4k which is pretty sweet if you have never experienced it before . only thing i could complain about is that it can not play 4k discs , and has a interesting disk drive sound when inserting and taking out discs . other than that flawless system and i would recommend to anyone wanting to experience 4k i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it can not play 4k discs . it can stream and play videos and games in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the 4k games are incredible . games look great and controllers are nice . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the picture is amazing with my tv . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . it has a 1 tb hard drive . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are amazing . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####graphics are enhanced for games . 4k gaming is also good . i could immediately see the difference with games . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . it has tons of memory . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####it has fast , great graphics . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . it change the quality of all games . the size of the updates are huge . the larger hard drive is worth it . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought the playstation 4 pro console after a recent 4k tv purchase . the experience has been extremely positive so far . i have played a lot of different games on this system already , and the upgrade in visual quality is impressive . also , the upgrade in playstation vr game performance that the pro offers is terrific and is a must for owners of the vr headset . overall , this system is a worthy addition to the playstation 4 hardware family . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the upgrade in visual quality is impressive . games look better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the upgrade in vr game performance is terrific . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv . this console did not disappoint at all . there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####there are noticeable differences in games between the 2 consoles . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the loading time is improved . the heating and noise comments are true . multitasking is impressive . the extra storage is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the games have faster framerate . it has great performance , and is much faster . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . there is no 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the addition of 4k capability is great . the picture is amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the 4k games are incredible . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the graphics are great . the picture is amazing . the system could not play my 4k movies . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . this pro model has significant game load improvements . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it has great graphics . the bluray player is not a 4k . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . the gaming quality has a huge difference . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . ps4 with one disappointment , it will not support 4k drive to play 4k movies . but this one supports a 4k gaming and way better than xbox one s in terms of performance . if you are watching lot of 4k movies along with gaming , xbox one s would be your choice . but if you want more performance , speed and 4k gaming beast for long term , ps4 pro is your final destination .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . this one supports 4k gaming and has better performance than xbox one s. the performance of vr is awesome . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the image quality is amazing . graphics are much nicer . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . many games improves . the image quality is amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . well daughter has been trying to get this for sometime now to play fortnite i on the other hand wanted a 4k movie player . do not be fooled as i was this will not player 4k ultra discs . not sony fault my fault did not read features well enough to see that it only streams 4k and gaming in 4k . daughter happy but not a two for one this christmas this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . this does not play 4k ultra discs . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####graphics are lifelike . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the 4k games are incredible . it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4 .####i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . it has best picture and framerate . games look so much better . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are clearer . it has great performance , and is much faster . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####it has great graphics . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . pictures are great on 4k tvs . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the games have faster framerate . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are unreal . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it does not come with a native 4k player . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there are many options for games and the exclusives . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphics are amazing . the image quality is amazing . the system is really quiet . the system is quicker . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the wifi is definitely better . sony has the best exclusive games and content . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it does not play games in true 4k . the games can be played in 4k . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . the picture quality is impressive . the image quality is amazing . it has better graphics . the games load up fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are amazing . it has near 4k graphics . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . there are tons of great games . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are enhanced for games . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####uhd 4k is great . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####games look better . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####graphics are lifelike . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the picture is amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####the graphics look amazing . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . there is a difference when playing games . the games have been great so far . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are great . games look great and controllers are nice . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the picture is amazing with my tv . graphics are lifelike . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the bluray is really good . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####it change the quality of all games . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . the larger hard drive is worth it . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! games look great and controllers are nice . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . love this thing on my 4k tv , but the thing is not flawless . it does not support hdr on all 4k tv mine being one of them . it looks great and i had to scour the internet for weeks to find it , but it looks great compared to the non-4k edition . i do love how sony added the migration tool on the network to move all your games and saves from the old one , to the new one . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####downloads seem faster . it does not support hdr on all 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games feel smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the graphics are better . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . graphics are much nicer . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the graphics are noticeably superior . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . the extra space is a huge plus . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the resolution boosts . visuals are stunning . 4k gaming experience is good . the wide variety of titles is second to none . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the graphics are amazing . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . graphics are better and faster . the bluray player is not a 4k . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again !####the picture quality is impressive . uhd 4k is great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####uhd 4k is great . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics are stunning . the bluray player is not a 4k . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro , and have really enjoyed my experience . ps4 pro 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k tv , and i can tell a difference between regular , and pro albeit not a tremendous amount . if i have one con , it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k bluray discs . overall , i highly recommend this product for any true gamer .####games look better . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . 4k capabilities are incredible . it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me , i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade ! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4 ! it has wonderful apps , is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console ! i am excited to continue to use and love it !####the graphics are stunning . it has best picture and framerate . the performance is excellent ! i am happy with the performance of the ps4 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the bluray player is not a 4k . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) .####however , the fan is very loud . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the hard drive was mal functioning . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the hd quality is better than any device i have . the exclusive games are amazing . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the hard drive was mal functioning . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it does not play games in true 4k . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the games in 4k looks better . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the download speed are faster as well . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . graphics is impressive . it has faster processing power and load times . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the graphics are amazing . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the system is really quiet . the performance enhancements made this worth . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there are many options for games and the exclusives . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . many games improves . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the 4k games are incredible . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust . one thing for sure though , games do run much smoother . some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference . ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro . my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games do run much smoother . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the wifi is definitely better . hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####many games improves . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the download speed are faster as well . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it can produce amazing graphics . uhd 4k is great . this console has plenty of space . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the system is quicker with loading . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the games have been great so far . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games have faster framerate . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the performance enhancements made this worth . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has fast , great graphics . the enhanced graphics are great . ps4 pro is amazing . the size of the updates are huge . it is extra fast . 1 tb hd is handy . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it has great graphics . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it does not play games in true 4k . ps4 pro is amazing . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it is extra fast . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the quality of the video graphics is great . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the picture quality is impressive . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it lacks the 4k bluray . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####graphics are better and faster . the exclusive games are amazing . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the 4k support is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it has best picture and framerate . i love the performance of my pro . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the playstation store also runs smoother . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics and speed are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the exclusives are so great . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the picture quality is impressive . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the games load up fast . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is extra fast . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the bluray is really good . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the 4k quality is amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look great and controllers are nice . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the image quality is amazing . it is great with a hdr screen . sony has the best exclusive games and content . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . graphics are much nicer . the graphics are amazing . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####graphics are much nicer . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has tons of memory . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are amazing . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . games run smoother . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the image quality is amazing . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . there is no uhd player . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the download speed are faster as well . the 4k output is gorgeous . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it has better graphics and framerate . it made a difference in performance and graphics in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the picture is amazing . it has near 4k graphics . the performance of vr is awesome . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games in 4k looks better . the games can be played in 4k . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . games run smoother . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it is extra fast . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . it has best picture and framerate . the memory are upgraded . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####games look better . resolution is great . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are amazing . the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####there is no fps drops . the 4k games are incredible . games look and play fantastic . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####i notice very little difference in graphics . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the screen flickers and then turns black . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . i could immediately see the difference with games . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . it has fast , great graphics . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the new ps4 has way better performance . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are better . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it has great performance , and is much faster . the fan is a bit loud . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . there is no noise during gameplay . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####graphics are lifelike . it has more efficient online gaming . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####uhd 4k is great . it made a difference in performance and graphics my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####games look better . the games have faster framerate . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it has fast , great graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics is amazing . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . ps4 pro is an amazing console , it looks really good when your not on a 4k tv and it really plays the games smooth with out any lag issues . when your connected to a 4k tv the quality of your games are improved 10x better with no game lag issues . have found nothing wrong with the system except it can not play 4k bluray movies at the moment , down the road sony will probably update the system to support 4k bluray . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the wifi is definitely better . it has best picture and framerate . the quality of games is better with 4k tv and there is no lag issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the 4k was awesome ! graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####it has fast , great graphics . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the size of the updates are huge . sony has the best exclusive games and content . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have had for several months and still love it . games run great and the design is easy on the eyes . cons : can be a bit loud at times and gets hot when doing 4k and long game sessions . i would love to see sound reduction , smaller total size , and run quieter . i am sure their next iteration will fix these and will be a for sure 5 star . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the exclusives are so great . games run great and the design is easy . it is a bit loud and gets hot in 4k and long game sessions . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the picture is amazing with my tv . it has a 1 tb hard drive . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . however , the fan is very loud . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . not going to lie i was a little nervous about dumping 450 bucks into a system i already had . but i can tell you for sure this is definately worth the upgrade . you need to have 4k tv to see the ups to having this system , not to mention the boost to operating speeds and reduced lag online because you can connect to 5ghz speed internet .####the 5ghz speed internet reduced lags online . the hard drive was mal functioning . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . this is definately worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics are great . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . graphics are much nicer . the video quality is great . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####graphics are fantastic . the 4k games are incredible . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####graphics are much nicer . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the games have been great so far . the exclusives are great . the bluray is really good . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the picture quality is impressive . the games run smoother . the exclusive games are good . the games load up fast . the loading times are faster . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too ! i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the 4k optimized games look amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the games have been great so far . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . it is a sleek system with good visuals . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####the graphics are great . graphics are lifelike . this does not lag on games . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the 4k support looks great . there is no noise during gameplay . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####there is no fps drops . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . games look and play fantastic . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it has great graphics . the picture is great with my 4k tv . games look great and controllers are nice . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####graphics are lifelike . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 4k support looks great . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . it had no issues . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it has near 4k graphics . the graphics is amazing . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it has more efficient online gaming . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the games run smoother . there is no noise during gameplay . the loading times are faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are better and faster . the games load up fast . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k output is gorgeous . ps4 pro is amazing . it has more efficient online gaming . it is extra fast . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the wifi is definitely better . the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics is very very good . it does not come with a native 4k player . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games look great and controllers are nice . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! games load faster . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####uhd 4k is great . the enhanced graphics are great . the one tb storage is great . the hard drive space is a plus . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games look better . hdr games are spectacular . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the games have been great so far . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is a sleek system with good visuals . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####downloads seem faster . my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . graphics are lifelike . the games feel smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the performance is impressive . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my launch ps4 recently began showing signs of slow down . so , i went out and upgraded to ps4 pro . the unit is quicker with load times and just seems to move through menus seamlessly without hesitation . have not noticed a big difference in graphical quality yet . if your original unit still runs fine , there is no need to upgrade . but , if this is your first system , definitely go for the pro . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####i did not noticed a big difference in graphical quality . the 4k games are incredible . the unit is quicker with load times and menus are seamless . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i purchased this item on black friday and received it with an hdmi cable that was not working . needless to say , it was scary setting everything up and not seeing anything show up on the tv . when the hdmi cable was changed , we breathed a sigh of relief that we did not receive a completely faulty console . aside from the faulty cable , it has been operating fine so far . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the hdmi cable is not working . after changing , everything operates fine . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the games in 4k looks better . the games run smoother . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the console runs faster and smoother . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is a difference in graphics . the picture quality are astounding . it has best picture and framerate . power is efficient . there is no lags . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also####graphics are lifelike . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the graphics are sweet . there is no 4k bluray player . the extra space is wonderful . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####you will notice the smoother framerate . the hd quality is better than any device i have . the exclusives are so great . you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . games look great and controllers are nice . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase .####the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it can not connect to the internet . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it has best picture and framerate . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i got this console because i wanted new titles to play and so far im extremely impressed ! i purchased \u201c detroit become human \u201d and it has been a fantastic experience . i also got it because i want to buy a 4k tv which i am doing soon so my gaming experience would be on the next level . this console has made me enjoy games again and i will continue to purchase more titles currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####downloads seem faster . it has best picture and framerate . the games feel smoother . titles are impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it does not come with a native 4k player . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####there is a difference in graphics . it can produce amazing graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . power is efficient . there is no lags . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion####i could immediately see the difference with games . there are many options for games and the exclusives . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####games are better in resolution . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . performance is better . games run smoothes . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the graphics are amazing . the 4k was awesome ! the system is really quiet . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####there is a difference in graphics . resolution is great . power is efficient . there is no lags . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are amazing . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it has more efficient online gaming . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the picture quality is impressive . 4k and hdr games look great . the games load up fast . games load faster . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded from my regular 500gb ps4 to a ps4 pro and it was the best decision i have made with any video game product . the extra hard drive space alone was great but another thing i was very pleased with was how the pro runs so much smoother and quieter than the regular system . whether you are a casual or hardcore gamer , i highly recommend upgrading to a pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . the pro runs smoother and quieter than the regular system . the extra hard drive space was great . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the gaming quality has a huge difference . i could immediately see the difference with games . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the image quality is amazing . the graphics are noticeably superior . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the system is quicker . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . it has best picture and framerate . games run better and menus are faster . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got this console because i wanted new titles to play and so far im extremely impressed ! i purchased \u201c detroit become human \u201d and it has been a fantastic experience . i also got it because i want to buy a 4k tv which i am doing soon so my gaming experience would be on the next level . this console has made me enjoy games again and i will continue to purchase more titles i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . titles are impressive . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the menus and games are amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the speed is amazing . the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the 4k games are incredible . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . games load faster . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have just been playing on my ps3 until now . this is such an awesome improvement . i can not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4 , but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming , 1 tb storage , non-pita background downloads , and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho . game play is excellent as always .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the 4k games are incredible . graphics and user interface are better . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . 1 tb hard drive is also good . live game streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the image quality is amazing . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i bought this for something to do when i spend long periods of time away from home for my job , and i am blown away ! not only are the games great , but i can shuffle through my netflix , and prime tv all from my hotels free wifi . so glad i bought this , it gets used every day almost if not for games for its other ps exclusive abilities .####the wifi is definitely better . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the games are great . i can watch netflix from free wifi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the bluray player is not a 4k . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it does not play games in true 4k . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the menus and games are amazing . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the speed is amazing . the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are better . it does not come with a native 4k player . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the image quality is amazing . the enhanced graphics are great . load time was a lot quicker . the system is quicker . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the picture is amazing with my tv . you will notice the smoother framerate . you will notice the faster load times . it has a 1 tb hard drive . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox .####the picture quality is impressive . the exclusive games are good . the exclusives are great . the games load up fast . the fan is super loud ! the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the enhanced graphics are great . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . the games run smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it can produce amazing graphics . the 4k games are incredible . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are amazing . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . the system is really quiet . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####the games in 4k looks better . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ?####it can not connect to the internet . the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it has best picture and framerate . resolution is great . games run smoother . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro .####the wifi is definitely better . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has fast , great graphics . the 4k capabilities are terrific . ps4 pro is amazing . the size of the updates are huge . it is extra fast . 1 tb hd is handy . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it has fast , great graphics . the 4k was awesome ! the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####uhd 4k is great . the scaling to 4k is great . the exclusive games are good . the selections of games are a bonus . the fan is super loud ! the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the image quality is amazing . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####there is no fps drops . it looks nice on my 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust . one thing for sure though , games do run much smoother . some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference . ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro . my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3 . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . games do run much smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the smoothness in gameplay is big . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these consoles just keep getting better . the detail and color are fantastic , almost lifelike in some cases . i am not what you would call a serious gamer but this is a real nice toy to be played with . i do like the controller of xbox more than this one though . this controller is not bad , but i prefer the more ergonomic feel of the xbox . the performance of this console is pretty near flawless , you will like it if you buy it . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the detail and color are fantastic . it has best picture and framerate . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the performance of this console is near flawless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####there is no fps drops . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the graphics are stunning . games look and play fantastic . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the exclusives are so great . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####games are better in resolution . the 4k was awesome ! i could immediately see the difference with games . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####there is no fps drops . it has decent graphics . games look and play fantastic . it has great gameplay . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . i could immediately see the difference with games . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics is very very good . graphics is impressive . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the games in 4k looks better . it made a difference in performance and graphics if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it is great with a hdr screen . 4k and hdr games look great . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . games load faster . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it has better graphics and framerate . it is great with a hdr screen . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the games have been great so far . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####4k gaming is also good . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . only recommended if you have a 4k tv . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it can produce amazing graphics . it supports 4k and hdr video . this console has plenty of space . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics are much nicer . it has best picture and framerate . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . the graphics are amazing . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it has great games . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too !####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the 4k optimized games look amazing . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the 4k quality is amazing . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the extra space is a huge plus . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the image quality is amazing . it looks nice on my 4k tv . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####there is no uhd player . it made a difference in performance and graphics i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the picture is amazing with my tv . graphics are lifelike . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the games in 4k looks better . it lacks the 4k bluray . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . ps4 pro is amazing . graphics is impressive . it is extra fast . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the games look significantly better . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . you can do all kinds of things . menus are fast . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the 4k is great on my big screen . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the image quality is amazing . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . the system is quicker . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . graphics is impressive . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the performance is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there is no fps drops . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k capabilities are terrific . 4k gaming is also good . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the memory are upgraded . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the enhanced graphics are great . the exclusives are so great . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture is amazing with my tv . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the graphics are amazing . the image quality is amazing . the exclusives are great . the system is really quiet . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . sony has the best exclusive games and content . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####this does not lag on games . load time was a lot quicker . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i bought a 75 '' qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice . games look better and the new system is faster . i can not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr ultra hd movies and the xbox x does . it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the 4k games are incredible . games look better . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . however , it does not play hdr or ultra hd movies . the new system is faster . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####it does not play games in true 4k . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . it has great performance , and is much faster . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games that supports 4k is astounding . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the wifi is definitely better . it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . buttery smoove interface , havent seen a hiccup yet . it takes everything i throw at it . i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful ! anyway , if you have a ps4 already , it may not be a huge upgrade to you.unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics ( which is why i chose this one as well ) i am loving it ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k games are incredible . you get gorgeous graphics if you have a 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it may not be a huge upgrade if you have a ps4 already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "impressive console . i have an xbox x ans i bought this for the exclusives . god of war , uncharted series ( carve out a weekend for these games ) and mlb the show . consoles are similar , bluray is not 4k , but it will stream 4k . ease of use to set up compared to an xbox is similar . downside is placement of the d pad and constant need to charge controllers . buy the exclusives , you can not go wrong ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has best picture and framerate . ps4 pro is amazing . the exclusives are great ! it is extra fast . bluray does not play 4k . but it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers .####the wifi is definitely better . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it has more storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the graphics are amazing . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the system is really quiet . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics are better . graphics and framerate are top notch . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games run smoother . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the enhanced graphics are great . the 4k capabilities are terrific . there is no 4k bluray player . the hard drive space is a plus . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####uhd 4k is great . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the games look significantly better . there is no noise during gameplay . menus are fast . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it has best picture and framerate . the graphics is amazing . however , the fan is very loud . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the exclusive games are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics are lifelike . resolution is great . games look pretty good . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the exclusives are so great . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the games that supports 4k is astounding . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i love the performance of my pro . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it can not connect to the internet . the 4k games are incredible . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it looks nice on my 4k tv . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the wifi is definitely better . it has better graphics and framerate . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are better . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . it has more memory and is faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics look amazing . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is a difference when playing games . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the bluray player is not a 4k . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room .####ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it .####you will notice the smoother framerate . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are sweet . you will notice the faster load times . it does not come with a native 4k player . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it looks great on my 4k tv . the games have been great so far . i love the performance of my pro . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the 4k support looks great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the 4k quality is amazing . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the games have been great so far . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it is extra fast . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the 4k games are incredible . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played .####there is no fps drops . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . games look and play fantastic . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . 4k gaming is also good . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . the games that supports 4k is astounding . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the quality of the video graphics is great . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i originally had a ps2 and 3 and i decided to try the xbox one . i am just not a fan of xbox and their controller the interface is sloppy and just nothing there that keeps me coming back . ps4 is faster better looking for ui and has a lot more games that are exclusive that i rather play . imo the controller is much better to use . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . ps4 has better looking ui and more exclusive games . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k quality is amazing . it has best picture and framerate . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the heating and noise comments are true . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####there is a difference in graphics . pictures are great on 4k tvs . it is not a 4k bluray player . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####hdr games are spectacular . the exclusive games are amazing . it made a difference in performance and graphics my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the playstation store also runs smoother . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the graphics and speed are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####the wifi is definitely better . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been an xbox guy ever since the original came out . and , while i still love my xbox one x , there is something crisper about how the ps4 pro renders games and the exclusives are far more interesting . spiderman comes to life on the pro and god of war is absolutely stunning . i had purchased the original ps4 upon release , but the pro feels like a different console altogether . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the ps4 pro renders games crispier . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusives are far more interesting . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i bought this as a christmas gift for my fiance , he absolutely loves it ! i love the hd quality that it has when watching movies and playing video games ! it is the best gaming consule ever ! my fiance loves the online capabilities and that he can play with his friends even if they are not close by ! so glad i upgraded and bought the pro ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . i love the hd quality when watching movies and playing video games ! the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####the exclusive games are amazing . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the picture quality is impressive . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . 4k gaming is also good . the games load up fast . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are stunning . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the performance is excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . performance of ps4 is too good . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles , they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast . great system . but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not play 4k movies . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . many games improves . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphics are amazing . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphics is amazing . the performance enhancements made this worth . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo ! ( yes it is been that long lol ) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years . this system is awesome ! easy to set up , easy to use , and works great with my new 4k tv ! this thing is a beast ! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie .####4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . this system is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . there is no 4k bluray player . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are sweet . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are amazing and life like . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . at first i was not sure bout ps4 pro but now reading more bout it ended up buying it , also dont care of 4k player bcuz the pro can upscale regular bluray movies and games to 4k resolution.i also have a 50 \u2018 4ktv so cant wait.its funny how people wine and grone bout ps4 pro not 4k player.to me its okay at least it has an upscaler feature console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player .####the pro upscales bluray movies and games to 4k resolution . it does not play games in true 4k . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the bluray player is not a 4k . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the bluray is really good . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the console runs faster and smoother . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the 4k quality is amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has plenty storage . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the picture is amazing . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics look amazing . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . there is a difference when playing games . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####graphics are lifelike . it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the resolution boosts . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . 4k gaming experience is good . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####it has best picture and framerate . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . it has near 4k graphics . this does not lag on games . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the system is quicker with loading . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####graphics are lifelike . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the gaming quality has a huge difference . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the exclusives are so great . it does not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the addition of 4k capability is great . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the picture quality on games is amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####you will notice the smoother framerate . it has best picture and framerate . the games that supports 4k is astounding . you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i originally had a ps2 and 3 and i decided to try the xbox one . i am just not a fan of xbox and their controller the interface is sloppy and just nothing there that keeps me coming back . ps4 is faster better looking for ui and has a lot more games that are exclusive that i rather play . imo the controller is much better to use .####the wifi is definitely better . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . ps4 has better looking ui and more exclusive games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the 4k games are incredible . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are great . the graphics are amazing . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it has great graphics . 4k gaming is also good . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the graphics are impressive . graphics are lifelike . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are amazing . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####graphics are better and faster . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####there is a difference in graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is not a 4k bluray player . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are lifelike . the size of the updates are huge . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . games run smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the 4k output is gorgeous . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . it has more efficient online gaming . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusives are so great . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####graphics look great and more detailed now . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are amazing and life like . it lacks the 4k bluray . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is there is a huge difference . between a ps4 and ps4 pro . graphics , game play ! processor speed alone and hard drive space helps ! must buy ! do not spend your money on a ps4 unless it is the ps4 pro ! if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the processor speed helps . the hard drive space helps ! the additional capacity is great . there is a huge difference between ps4 and ps4 pro . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it is great with a hdr screen . it lacks the 4k bluray . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####graphics are lifelike . the 4k support is great . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . resolution is great . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the system runs perfectly . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it looks great on my 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the system looks better on our 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . there is no noise during gameplay . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it does not play games in true 4k . the games in 4k looks better . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the wifi is definitely better . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####graphics are nice , too . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . games load faster . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the exclusive games are amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years !####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####graphics are better . ps4 pro is amazing . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is extra fast . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it has tons of memory .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the picture quality is impressive . the games have faster framerate . the games have been great so far . the games load up fast . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it change the quality of all games . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are amazing . it has more efficient online gaming . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the image quality is amazing . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the system is quicker . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored .####games look better . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are pretty amazing . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions .####vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . the fan is much quieter . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . i love the performance of my pro . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####games look better . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . games run smoother . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games in 4k looks better . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no uhd player . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####graphics look great and more detailed now . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it lacks the 4k bluray . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this to go with my new 4k tv . the quality is slightly better than the regular ps4 in my opinion . the games i have been playing however were not made with the 4k and the ps4 pro is upscaling it . i am not sure it is worth to spend the extra until more games will use the 4k . other than that the system is running great and seems quicker then the previous model as well . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the quality is better . graphics are much nicer . the system runs quicker . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the enhanced graphics are great . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it is extra fast . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####there is a difference in graphics . it is not a 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust . one thing for sure though , games do run much smoother . some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference . ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro . my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3 . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####games do run much smoother . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . there is no noise during gameplay . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it produces fantastic graphics . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games look significantly better . the gameplay is seamless . menus are fast . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####processor is faster . the console runs faster and smoother . hd movies look better in 4k . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i purchased this item on black friday and received it with an hdmi cable that was not working . needless to say , it was scary setting everything up and not seeing anything show up on the tv . when the hdmi cable was changed , we breathed a sigh of relief that we did not receive a completely faulty console . aside from the faulty cable , it has been operating fine so far .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the hdmi cable is not working . after changing , everything operates fine . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####there is no uhd player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it can produce amazing graphics . this console has plenty of space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . the fan is much quieter . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv####4k gaming is also good . it has best picture and framerate . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the games look significantly better . menus are fast . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the 4k is great on my big screen . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the storage is great for all my games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####you will notice the smoother framerate . the picture is great with my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . you will notice the faster load times . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics are amazing . it has best picture and framerate . the games have been great so far . the system is really quiet . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####the 4k games are incredible . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the picture is amazing . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the console runs faster and smoother . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####it change the quality of all games . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the larger hard drive is worth it . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . there is a difference in graphics . games look and play fantastic . the bluray player is not a 4k . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the wifi is definitely better . the 4k games are incredible . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . the games that supports 4k is astounding . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the picture is great with my 4k tv . resolution is great . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the fan is not that loud . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####graphics are much nicer . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it has great games . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . the system is quicker . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the games run smoother . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the loading times are faster . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . there is noticeable performance improvements . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the picture is amazing . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the bluray is really good . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####performance and graphics are great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####the graphics are great . the exclusive games are amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the additional capacity is great . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics are pretty amazing . the exclusive games are good . there is no noise during gameplay . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####the image quality is amazing . the exclusive games are good . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . the fan is super loud ! the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the wifi is definitely better . i really appreciate the one tb storage . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it has fast , great graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . the size of the updates are huge . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####you can do all kinds of things . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! it is one of the best systems i have ever played . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player .####there is a difference in graphics . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . power is efficient . there is no lags . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the addition of 4k capability is great . it change the quality of all games . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . it change the quality of all games . there is no noise during gameplay . the larger hard drive is worth it . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture is amazing with my tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####uhd 4k is great . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . i could immediately see the difference with games . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the 4k games are incredible . the fan is much quieter . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the games have been great so far . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . games look pretty good . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance enhancements made this worth . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . processor is faster . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . hd movies look better in 4k . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is great . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it can produce amazing graphics . it has best picture and framerate . there is no uhd player . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the 4k support looks great . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . games look better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has great exclusives . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####i could immediately see the difference with games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the download speed are faster as well . uhd 4k is great . it has faster processing power and load times . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the image quality is amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games look pretty good . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the image quality is amazing . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the graphics are amazing . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are clearer . 4k gaming is also good . the system loads faster . it has more memory space . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i purchased the ps4 pro happiest choice i have made in a long time . i still need to get vr set , but i am sure that will be just as good ! back to being a playstation girl again my fianc\u00e9 turned me to xbox when we first started dating 14 years ago , but after having a xbox one for a while then getting a ps4 pro , graphics wise blows xbox out of the park ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics blows xbox out ! the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it has near 4k graphics . games look great and controllers are nice . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####games are better in resolution . the exclusives are so great . i could immediately see the difference with games . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . it made a difference in performance and graphics the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the bluray is really good . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####you will notice the smoother framerate . graphics are much nicer . you will notice the faster load times . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####the graphics look amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . there is a difference when playing games . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the image quality is amazing . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the console runs faster and smoother . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro .####i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . it does not support 4k bluray discs . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the image quality is amazing . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the system is quicker . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####graphics are better . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . gameplay and menus are smoother . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####graphics are much nicer . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the graphics are pretty amazing . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####there is no fps drops . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . games look and play fantastic . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the wifi is definitely better . the games can be played in 4k . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it is extra fast . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are great . the picture is great with my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the system could not play my 4k movies . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the picture is amazing . the graphics are amazing . the exclusive games are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are better . ps4 pro is amazing . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is extra fast . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the picture quality is impressive . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games load up fast . load times take longer . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the games look significantly better . graphics and framerate are top notch . menus are fast . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games in 4k looks better . it change the quality of all games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the system is quicker with loading . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the performance enhancements made this worth . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the wifi is definitely better . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . games look great and controllers are nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####there are extra usb ports . there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the hd quality is better than any device i have . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . graphics are much nicer . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . there is no 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####it does not play games in true 4k . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it does not have a 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the resolution boosts . playing games with this system is enjoyable . 4k gaming experience is good . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the quality of the video graphics is great . this does not lag on games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####performance and graphics are great . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . it made a difference in performance and graphics if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####it has great graphics . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####performance and graphics are great . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . i could immediately see the difference with games . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . many games improves . the image quality is amazing . the bluray player is not a 4k . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####the games can be played in 4k . it is great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . however , it can not play 4k movies . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . this does not lag on games . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the games run smoother . it does not feel so good . it does not accept any cds . the bluray is really good . the loading times are faster . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the games run smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the picture is great with my 4k tv . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . the exclusive games are good . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####graphics look great and more detailed now . the addition of 4k capability is great . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it lacks the 4k bluray . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####games run smoother . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the performance of vr is awesome . i could immediately see the difference with games . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are great . the video quality is great . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the download speed are faster as well . the image quality is amazing . hdr games are spectacular . the system is quicker . it has faster processing power and load times . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####uhd 4k is great . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are crisp and smooth . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! this console has plenty of space . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i am an xbox guy generally , but finally decided to buy a ps4 pro to take advantage of my new 4k tv and play the ps4 exclusives . i still prefer the xbox one x overall , but i am surprised at how much i like the ps4 pro , and the games are amazing , i am loving horizon zero dawn . dashboard feels very fast and lightweight compared to the resource heavy dashboard on the xbox .####the games of ps4 pro are amazing ! it made a difference in performance and graphics it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it has great graphics . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the image quality is amazing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade for current ps4 owners even if you do not own a 4k tv . the system has a `` boost mode '' option that slightly enhances games even if they do not have a pro patch . if you have a normal 1080p tv , you can still benefit from the increased power of the pro . having a sharper 1080p image along with a steadier framerate for some games that might have had framerate problems . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . this is a great upgrade for current ps4 owners even if you do not own a 4k tv . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the new ps4 has way better performance . the performance is impressive . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the graphics are pretty amazing . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . the hard drive was mal functioning . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . games look awesome on my 4k tv . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####games are better in resolution . 4k gaming is also good . performance is better . games run smoothes . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the 4k games are incredible . playing games with this system is enjoyable . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are unreal . the bluray player is not a 4k . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also####graphics are lifelike . games look great and controllers are nice . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####graphics are much nicer . the exclusives are great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the exclusive games are good . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the graphics and speed are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . there is no fps drops . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . games look and play fantastic . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####it is the hdr that makes this shine . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . the performance enhancements made this worth . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the image quality is amazing . pictures are great on 4k tvs . it does not support 4k bluray discs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . system works great . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it lacks the 4k bluray . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games look significantly better . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . menus are fast . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the graphics are great . graphics are much nicer . the system could not play my 4k movies . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the addition of 4k capability is great . pictures are great on 4k tvs . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . games look great and controllers are nice . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games look significantly better . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . menus are fast . load times take longer . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the 4k output is gorgeous . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are amazing and life like . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games looks and plays great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . it has near 4k graphics . there is no noise during gameplay . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####graphics are lifelike . the graphics are noticeably superior . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the screen flickers and then turns black . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the exclusives are so great . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics are much nicer . the graphics are better . resolution is great . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . graphics are much nicer . the exclusives are so great . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks !####the graphics look amazing . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . there is a difference when playing games . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusive games are amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me .####graphics are lifelike . sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . the fan is much quieter . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro , and have really enjoyed my experience . ps4 pro 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k tv , and i can tell a difference between regular , and pro albeit not a tremendous amount . if i have one con , it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k bluray discs . overall , i highly recommend this product for any true gamer .####the 4k support is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k capabilities are incredible . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####there is a difference in graphics . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . power is efficient . there is no lags . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . 4k and hdr games look great . it has great games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded my regular ps4 in for the pro and it has been an awesome decision despite not being a hardcore gamer . i do not get the utilization as my vizio 4k tv does not support hdr on hdmi ( but does in iapp , wth ? ! ? ) nonetheless still makes a huge difference in picture quality . i watch a lot of movies on the epix app in 4k since my cable service is only 1080i if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there are extra usb ports . it makes a huge difference in picture quality . the games have higher resolution and framerate . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics are amazing . the picture quality are astounding . the system is really quiet . the console runs faster and smoother . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####graphics are fantastic . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are amazing . the graphics are unreal . the bluray player is not a 4k . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the image quality is amazing . the heating and noise comments are true . the system is quicker . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####there is no fps drops . the graphics and speed are amazing ! games look and play fantastic . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . visuals are stunning . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the wide variety of titles is second to none .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . system works great . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the wifi is definitely better . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the 4k support looks great . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . games look better . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it has faster processing power and load times . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the graphics are amazing . graphics is impressive . the system is really quiet . the performance is impressive . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! graphics are better and faster . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the vr was easy to use . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . the image quality is amazing . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the system is quicker . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games . i got the console day one since i wanted to have my 4k horizon : zero dawn machine . was worth every penny for that alone , but it is nice to have a console that runs games at higher resolutions textures . the new boost mode makes games that did not used to run at a great framerate on the base ps4 run just fine now , so it is a great machine overall .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are amazing . this console runs games at higher resolutions . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the extra space is a huge plus . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had this for about a month now . i upgraded from a launch day ps4 and this system is much quieter and does not get as warm as my old ps4 did . games also play much better . god of war was so much smoother on this system over my old one . i would recommend this even if you do not have 4k just for the improvement in gameplay . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are stunning . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games are much better . it is much quieter . it does not get too warm . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i upgraded from the og ps4 and have noticed a big difference . i got this primarily for the psvr and i can not say that it is night and day but does run much smoother and all the small improvements do make for a noticeable difference . i am able to play for a longer period of time with little to no eye strain and really enjoy the small upgrades and further draw distances .####it has best picture and framerate . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it runs much smoother and makes a noticeable difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo ! ( yes it is been that long lol ) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years . this system is awesome ! easy to set up , easy to use , and works great with my new 4k tv ! this thing is a beast ! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu . this system is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####the 4k support is great . it has best picture and framerate . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####uhd 4k is great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture is amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####the 4k capabilities are terrific . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the memory are upgraded . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the bluray player is not a 4k . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the games load up fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . the quality of the video graphics is great . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the games have been great so far . load times are faster . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are pretty amazing . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the picture is amazing . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . games look pretty good . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are amazing . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . it has great performance , and is much faster . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not support 4k bluray discs . the heating and noise comments are true . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####i notice very little difference in graphics . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####the wifi is definitely better . it does not support 4k bluray discs . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is an awesome and very powerful console ! i had a new 4k tv , so it made sense for me to spend the extra money on the pro model . i do not regret the extra cost at all . the graphics are beautiful and loading times are very fast . if you already have a ps4 , i would not upgrade . i would wait it out for the future console that playstation puts out . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the graphics are beautiful . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . loading times are very fast . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are pretty amazing . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the fan is much quieter . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####visuals are stunning . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 .####the wifi is definitely better . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####graphics are much nicer . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . it has more memory and is faster . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal !####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! there is no uhd player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the games have been great so far . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it is a sleek system with good visuals . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the download speed are faster as well . i notice very little difference in graphics . it has best picture and framerate . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the console runs faster and smoother . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the image quality is amazing . the graphics are stunning . the system is quicker . the performance is excellent ! the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it has more memory and is faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####ps4 pro is amazing . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it is extra fast . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it is great with a hdr screen . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####it has fast , great graphics . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the size of the updates are huge . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the games have been great so far . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the games can be played in 4k . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the extra space is a huge plus . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the image quality is amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it does not play games in true 4k . the 4k was awesome ! it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it does not come with a native 4k player . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the graphics are amazing . graphics are much nicer . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####uhd 4k is great . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the graphics are great . the 4k games are incredible . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . it is the hdr that makes this shine . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the performance enhancements made this worth . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are amazing and life like . the scaling to 4k is great . games look and play fantastic . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the addition of 4k capability is great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the wifi is definitely better . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the graphics are pretty amazing . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . i really appreciate the one tb storage . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the wifi is definitely better . the picture quality is impressive . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games load up fast . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics is amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! the system runs perfectly . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k support looks great . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv . it had no issues .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####there is no fps drops . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . games look and play fantastic . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####many games improves . the graphics are stunning . the exclusives are so great . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the console runs faster and smoother . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####downloads seem faster . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the games feel smoother . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . it has more efficient online gaming . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no uhd player . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the 4k games are incredible . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the scaling to 4k is great . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the selections of games are a bonus . the console runs faster and smoother . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are great . the bluray is really good . the video quality is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . it has fast , great graphics . the exclusive games are amazing . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . graphics and framerate are top notch . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the playstation store also runs smoother . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the graphics and speed are amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####there is no fps drops . it has near 4k graphics . games look and play fantastic . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics are much nicer . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####graphics are lifelike . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo ! ( yes it is been that long lol ) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years . this system is awesome ! easy to set up , easy to use , and works great with my new 4k tv ! this thing is a beast ! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####graphics are lifelike . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . this system is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####there is no fps drops . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are much nicer . games look and play fantastic . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games run smoother . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . well daughter has been trying to get this for sometime now to play fortnite i on the other hand wanted a 4k movie player . do not be fooled as i was this will not player 4k ultra discs . not sony fault my fault did not read features well enough to see that it only streams 4k and gaming in 4k . daughter happy but not a two for one this christmas i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . this does not play 4k ultra discs . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####there is no fps drops . the system looks better on our 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . there is no noise during gameplay . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphics are amazing . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the system is really quiet . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv .####it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####uhd 4k is great . it looks great on my 4k tv . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games look amazing . they run very smooth .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are much nicer . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection .####it has fast , great graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the picture quality on games is amazing . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####i could immediately see the difference with games . load time was a lot quicker . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are better . the games run smoother . the exclusive games are amazing . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the exclusive games are good . games look great and controllers are nice . the fan is super loud ! the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####the graphics are better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the graphics are better . the games can be played in 4k . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the bluray player is not a 4k . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it has tons of memory . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####it has great graphics . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the wifi is definitely better . it made a difference in performance and graphics it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the quality of the video graphics is great . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####there is a difference in graphics . it is a superior gaming machine . power is efficient . there is no lags . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate .####there are extra usb ports . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the image quality is amazing . the enhanced graphics are great . the 4k was awesome ! the system is quicker . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics look amazing . the graphics are amazing and life like . there is a difference when playing games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the 4k games are incredible . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the 4k support is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####there is no fps drops . performance and graphics are great . games look and play fantastic . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the picture quality is impressive . i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the games load up fast . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphics are better . the performance enhancements made this worth . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics are much nicer . the 4k capabilities are terrific . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the image quality is amazing . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the system is quicker . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the picture is amazing . the 4k support looks great . the exclusives are so great . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . graphics are better and faster . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it has best picture and framerate . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . resolution is great . the fan is a bit loud . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the 4k was awesome ! it made a difference in performance and graphics in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded from my regular 500gb ps4 to a ps4 pro and it was the best decision i have made with any video game product . the extra hard drive space alone was great but another thing i was very pleased with was how the pro runs so much smoother and quieter than the regular system . whether you are a casual or hardcore gamer , i highly recommend upgrading to a pro . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k was awesome ! it has best picture and framerate . the pro runs smoother and quieter than the regular system . the extra hard drive space was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the graphics are stunning . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the performance is excellent ! load times take longer . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . it has best picture and framerate . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics are amazing . graphics are much nicer . the system is really quiet . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv .####processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are lifelike . the 4k was awesome ! the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the wifi is definitely better . it looks nice on my 4k tv . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no uhd player . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has best picture and framerate . it does not come with a native 4k player . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the 4k games are incredible . you will notice the smoother framerate . you will notice the faster load times . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the picture is amazing with my tv . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . it has a 1 tb hard drive . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the visuals are stunning . the graphics are great . it has best picture and framerate . the system could not play my 4k movies . i can stream most video files .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the picture quality is impressive . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games run smoother . the games load up fast . the loading times are faster . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it has best picture and framerate . games look great and controllers are nice . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the 4k games are incredible . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it can not connect to the internet . the graphics are better . i could immediately see the difference with games .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####games look better . the image quality is amazing . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . i updated my game system and it looks so different . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the vr was easy to use . the exclusive games are good . there is no hd bluray drive . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics and speed are amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the resolution boosts . the scaling to 4k is great . 4k gaming experience is good . the selections of games are a bonus . it has great performance , and is much faster . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are a ps4 owner , clearly you are happy with your console . if you own a 4k tv , you are clearly happy with your tv . if you have a ps4 , it is technically hdr ready , but do you need the extra beef ? the load times improve , the graphics definitely look better and if you have a 4k tv , you can totally push the limits even more . it is a matter of choice ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics look better . i could immediately see the difference with games . the load times improve . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the exclusives are so great . the heating and noise comments are true . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####it can produce amazing graphics . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . ps4 pro is amazing . the graphics are amazing . it is extra fast . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it can not connect to the internet . the picture is amazing with my tv . it has best picture and framerate . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics are enhanced for games . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####uhd 4k is great . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####the graphics are pretty amazing . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . i could immediately see the difference with games . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it made a difference in performance and graphics it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the additional capacity is great . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the 4k support looks great . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the graphics are amazing . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the system is really quiet . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####games are better in resolution . graphics are lifelike . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the vr was easy to use . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . there is no hd bluray drive . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is a difference in graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics look great and more detailed now . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it lacks the 4k bluray . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the picture quality is impressive . the games look significantly better . the exclusives are great . menus are fast . the games load up fast . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it has best picture and framerate . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####it has best picture and framerate . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . i really appreciate the one tb storage . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are stunning . graphics are better and faster . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has best picture and framerate . it does not come with a native 4k player . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####there is no fps drops . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . resolution is great . games look and play fantastic . load times take longer . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the picture quality on games is amazing . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics are much nicer . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . well daughter has been trying to get this for sometime now to play fortnite i on the other hand wanted a 4k movie player . do not be fooled as i was this will not player 4k ultra discs . not sony fault my fault did not read features well enough to see that it only streams 4k and gaming in 4k . daughter happy but not a two for one this christmas####the wifi is definitely better . the exclusives are so great . this does not play 4k ultra discs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has more efficient online gaming . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . my son really started to get into gaming so i picked ps4 pro up so we can take it to the next level . games look great , everything works smooth and we are having a blast . if you are on the fence . the ps5 is still over a year away and will play the same games because it takes a while for developers to create a good amount of games for new systems . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look great , and everything works smooth . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####it has fast , great graphics . the picture is amazing . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it has best picture and framerate . resolution is great . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . impressive console . i have an xbox x ans i bought this for the exclusives . god of war , uncharted series ( carve out a weekend for these games ) and mlb the show . consoles are similar , bluray is not 4k , but it will stream 4k . ease of use to set up compared to an xbox is similar . downside is placement of the d pad and constant need to charge controllers . buy the exclusives , you can not go wrong ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusives are great ! it does not have a true 4k bluray player . bluray does not play 4k . but it streams 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the wifi is definitely better . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . the fan is not that loud . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it change the quality of all games . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the larger hard drive is worth it . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got the console day one since i wanted to have my 4k horizon : zero dawn machine . was worth every penny for that alone , but it is nice to have a console that runs games at higher resolutions textures . the new boost mode makes games that did not used to run at a great framerate on the base ps4 run just fine now , so it is a great machine overall .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . this console runs games at higher resolutions . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the bluray is really good . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the wifi is definitely better . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the games have faster framerate . it lacks the 4k bluray . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are amazing . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it made a difference in performance and graphics this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games look significantly better . menus are fast . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . it can produce amazing graphics . graphics are much nicer . it has better graphics . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the exclusive games are good . sony has the best exclusive games and content . the fan is super loud ! the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro , and have really enjoyed my experience . ps4 pro 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k tv , and i can tell a difference between regular , and pro albeit not a tremendous amount . if i have one con , it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k bluray discs . overall , i highly recommend this product for any true gamer . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . 4k capabilities are incredible . it has best picture and framerate . it does not play 4k bluray discs . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the exclusive games are amazing . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are better . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . uhd 4k is great . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are stunning . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has more efficient online gaming . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the graphics are stunning . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the wifi is definitely better . sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . the 4k was awesome ! hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the heating and noise comments are true . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####games look better . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the enhanced graphics are great . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####it has great graphics . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the one tb storage is great . the memory are upgraded . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####games look better . it has best picture and framerate . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are better . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the size of the updates are huge . gameplay and menus are smoother . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####the image quality is amazing . graphics and framerate are top notch . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i originally owned the first release edition ps4 . which worked great for years but lately i noticed things were taking longer and the fan was awful . about a month ago i got the pro and it was amazing . it runs so much better than my old console . and while you will need to own a 4k tv to truly experience the better graphics but even with my regular tv there was a definite improvement . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics are much nicer . there was a definite improvement even with my regular tv . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the exclusives are so great . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the graphics are stunning . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the graphics are pretty amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it has great graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games look better . games look pretty good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the games have been great so far . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it has fast , great graphics . 4k gaming is also good . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven !####the exclusives are so great . it does not support 4k bluray discs . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the graphics are amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there is a difference in graphics . the resolution boosts . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k gaming experience is good . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the exclusive games are amazing . this pro model has significant game load improvements . the console runs faster and smoother . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it does not play games in true 4k . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####it has great graphics . it does not play games in true 4k . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####the wifi is definitely better . it has great graphics . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games look significantly better . the gaming quality has a huge difference . menus are fast . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . the exclusive games are amazing . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4. great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####games look so much better . graphics is very very good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are great . graphics are lifelike . the system could not play my 4k movies . the games load up fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it produces fantastic graphics . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . ps4 pro is amazing . the gameplay is seamless . it is extra fast . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####it looks great on my 4k tv . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it has more efficient online gaming . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####the wifi is definitely better . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it looks great on my 4k tv . i love the performance of my pro . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are pretty amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . i really appreciate the one tb storage . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####the graphics are amazing . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the system is really quiet . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####there is no uhd player . it is a pity . the additional capacity is great . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the graphics are great . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the picture quality is impressive . the 4k output is gorgeous . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the games load up fast . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player .####the screen flickers and then turns black . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the enhanced graphics are great . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the graphics are amazing and life like . the hard drive space is a plus . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . resolution is great . it does not come with a native 4k player . the games load up fast . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up .####the wifi is definitely better . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . it has great performance , and is much faster . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look great and controllers are nice . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i would been waiting quite some time to get this , for many reasons , but i am extremely glad i finally pulled the trigger on this decision . the quality of play is 10x better than i would dreamed ( i am a pc gamer mostly and the lack of lag so far is amazing ) plus i am a sucker for the final fantasy series , so it was a win win . plus a bluray player ? worth the buy . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the quality of play is better and the lack of lag is amazing . there is a bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####uhd 4k is great . visuals are stunning . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . the wide variety of titles is second to none . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the games look significantly better . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . menus are fast . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good .####the image quality is amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . games look pretty good . the system runs perfectly . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust . one thing for sure though , games do run much smoother . some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference . ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro . my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games do run much smoother . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it supports 4k and hdr video . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the graphics are great . graphics and framerate are top notch . the system could not play my 4k movies . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the graphics are amazing . graphics are better and faster . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the image quality is amazing . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the system is quicker . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####graphics are lifelike . the graphics are stunning . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the image quality is amazing . the 4k support is great . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the system is quicker . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the enhanced graphics are great . it has best picture and framerate . the hard drive space is a plus . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . graphics are lifelike . the bluray player is not a 4k . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i traded my regular ps4 in for the pro and it has been an awesome decision despite not being a hardcore gamer . i do not get the utilization as my vizio 4k tv does not support hdr on hdmi ( but does in iapp , wth ? ! ? ) nonetheless still makes a huge difference in picture quality . i watch a lot of movies on the epix app in 4k since my cable service is only 1080i####the image quality is amazing . it makes a huge difference in picture quality . the system is quicker . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . 4k and hdr games look great . games look great and controllers are nice . the fan is a bit loud . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo ! ( yes it is been that long lol ) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years . this system is awesome ! easy to set up , easy to use , and works great with my new 4k tv ! this thing is a beast ! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . this system is awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####graphics are lifelike . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . it has more storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####games look better . the resolution boosts . the exclusive games are good . 4k gaming experience is good . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . the bluray is really good . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the 4k output is gorgeous . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . load times take longer . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! my games have significant improvements . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i really enjoy this new playstation , it can stream and play videos and games in 4k which is pretty sweet if you have never experienced it before . only thing i could complain about is that it can not play 4k discs , and has a interesting disk drive sound when inserting and taking out discs . other than that flawless system and i would recommend to anyone wanting to experience 4k i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it can not play 4k discs . it can stream and play videos and games in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i purchased the ps4 pro happiest choice i have made in a long time . i still need to get vr set , but i am sure that will be just as good ! back to being a playstation girl again my fianc\u00e9 turned me to xbox when we first started dating 14 years ago , but after having a xbox one for a while then getting a ps4 pro , graphics wise blows xbox out of the park ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics blows xbox out ! graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the image quality is amazing . it lacks the 4k bluray . the system is quicker . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the visuals are stunning . graphics are much nicer . the hard drive was mal functioning . i can stream most video files .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####graphics are better . the image quality is amazing . the games run smoother . gameplay and menus are smoother . the loading times are faster . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are amazing . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . it has best picture and framerate . the games have been great so far . load times are faster . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this console because i wanted new titles to play and so far im extremely impressed ! i purchased \u201c detroit become human \u201d and it has been a fantastic experience . i also got it because i want to buy a 4k tv which i am doing soon so my gaming experience would be on the next level . this console has made me enjoy games again and i will continue to purchase more titles definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are amazing and life like . titles are impressive . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it has great graphics . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####there is a difference in graphics . the exclusives are so great . i could immediately see the difference with games . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it is the hdr that makes this shine . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####there is no fps drops . the image quality is amazing . games look and play fantastic . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . uhd 4k is great . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it produces fantastic graphics . games look better . the addition of 4k capability is great . the gameplay is seamless . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####the 4k games are incredible . it change the quality of all games . there is not enough good games yet . the larger hard drive is worth it . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the 4k games are incredible . the 4k is great on my big screen . the bluray player is not a 4k . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the download speed are faster as well . games look great and controllers are nice . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the picture is amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the picture is great with my 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####it does not play games in true 4k . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the graphics are amazing and life like . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics are great . the resolution boosts . it has best picture and framerate . 4k gaming experience is good . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the 4k support is great . performance of ps4 is too good . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . games look great and controllers are nice . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . the heating and noise comments are true . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . we have owned an xbox one for some time but finally decided to purchase the playstation for my 9 year olds b-day . he wanted the show 19 and it is only on playstation . the vr is amazing ! i use it all the time to play golf , beat saber and other games . and i am 48 : ) it is a lot of money , but it is worth it and i bet you will spend more money going to trampoline parks and such . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the vr is amazing ! it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the wifi is definitely better . the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture quality are astounding . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####graphics are enhanced for games . it has fast , great graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . the size of the updates are huge . it is extra fast . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second plantation 4 pro that i have purchased and have yet to have any issues with the system . the 1 tb memory helps with having up to 12 games on your system depending on how big the games data is . the 4k aspect is only for games so thats one thing to keep in mind , but on a 4k tv the games look amazing and well worth the buy . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games on 4k tv looks amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the 1 tb memory is helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . the games have been great so far . sony has the best exclusive games and content . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics and framerate are top notch . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the 4k output is gorgeous . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the exclusives are great . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####it has great graphics . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are great . the system could not play my 4k movies . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are better . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal !####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the exclusive games are amazing . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . the exclusive games are amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture quality is impressive . graphics and framerate are top notch . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the graphics look amazing . games look better . graphics and framerate are top notch . there is a difference when playing games . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are noticeably superior . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are lifelike . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it has fast , great graphics . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it change the quality of all games . the size of the updates are huge . the larger hard drive is worth it . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! games look better . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . i love the performance of my pro . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the 4k was awesome ! load times are faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the addition of 4k capability is great . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate .####there are extra usb ports . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . there is no uhd player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has great exclusives . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the system is quicker with loading . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the bluray player is not a 4k . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####graphics are much nicer . the scaling to 4k is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . these new systems require the internet . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are amazing . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the resolution boosts . the exclusive games are amazing . 4k gaming experience is good . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it is a superior gaming machine . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####ps4 pro is amazing . the graphics are amazing . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it is extra fast . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k support looks great . sony has the best exclusive games and content . it had no issues .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it produces fantastic graphics . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the gameplay is seamless . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics and framerate are top notch . it made a difference in performance and graphics the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k output is gorgeous . sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . the fan is a bit loud . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) .####the wifi is definitely better . there is a difference in graphics . graphics are fantastic . power is efficient . there is no lags . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####i could immediately see the difference with games . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . multitasking is impressive . the quality is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####graphics are much nicer . load time was a lot quicker . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####you will notice the smoother framerate . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games looks and plays great . you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics are better . ps4 pro is amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . it is extra fast . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####uhd 4k is great . the console runs faster and smoother . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####it can produce amazing graphics . games look better . it looks great on my 4k tv . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the 4k support looks great . the exclusives are so great . sony has the best exclusive games and content . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are noticeably superior . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the games look significantly better . pictures are great on 4k tvs . menus are fast . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . graphics are much nicer . this does not lag on games . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it has best picture and framerate . the scaling to 4k is great . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####it has fast , great graphics . the exclusives are so great . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the graphics look amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are lifelike . there is a difference when playing games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k games are incredible . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i upgraded from the og ps4 and have noticed a big difference . i got this primarily for the psvr and i can not say that it is night and day but does run much smoother and all the small improvements do make for a noticeable difference . i am able to play for a longer period of time with little to no eye strain and really enjoy the small upgrades and further draw distances .####the graphics look amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is a difference when playing games . it runs much smoother and makes a noticeable difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the 4k games are incredible . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the enhanced graphics are great . graphics is impressive . i love the performance of my pro . the performance is impressive . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been an xbox guy ever since the original came out . and , while i still love my xbox one x , there is something crisper about how the ps4 pro renders games and the exclusives are far more interesting . spiderman comes to life on the pro and god of war is absolutely stunning . i had purchased the original ps4 upon release , but the pro feels like a different console altogether . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the ps4 pro renders games crispier . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusives are far more interesting . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####visuals are stunning . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the wide variety of titles is second to none . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have been playing video games since 1970 ( owned the very first pong game sold by sears back then ) and the graphic horsepower of these consoles today is just jaw dropping . i love how you can put the console in a `` rest '' mode and come back to your game right where you left off . the fact that you can do so much more than gaming is just icing on the cake . great job , sony !####the graphic horsepower of the console is jaw dropping . the exclusives are so great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####it has better graphics and framerate . the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the scaling to 4k is great . graphics is impressive . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####the image quality is amazing . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . it does not play 4k movies . the system is quicker . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the image quality is amazing . the graphics is amazing . the system is quicker . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####there is a difference in graphics . the image quality is amazing . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system is quicker . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####graphics are nice , too . graphics are lifelike . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would 100 % recommend ps4pro if you own a 4k tv or monitor but as far as if you dont own a 4k tv or monitor you wont be able to take full advantage of what the console can do , with that said you will still see a noticeable difference in loading speeds and even a slight difference in graphics not to mention the extra 1 tb space doesnt hurt either ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there is a slight difference in graphics . the image quality is amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is a noticeable difference in loading speeds . the system is quicker . the extra 1 tb space is greart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are great . ps4 pro is amazing . the exclusives are so great . it is extra fast . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it does not come with a native 4k player . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the games have faster framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are pretty amazing . the exclusives are so great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####graphics are lifelike . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####many games improves . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the console runs faster and smoother . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are amazing and life like . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics are stunning . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . the performance is excellent ! the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####graphics are lifelike . the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the 4k games are incredible . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . load times are faster . the fan is super loud ! it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are great . the system could not play my 4k movies . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it has tons of memory . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are amazing . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it can produce amazing graphics . it is a superior gaming machine . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has fast , great graphics . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . the size of the updates are huge . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it can produce amazing graphics . this console has plenty of space . it is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . uhd 4k is great . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . graphics are lifelike . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the 4k quality is amazing . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . games look great and controllers are nice . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics is very very good . the exclusives are so great . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me .####it has great graphics . sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics and framerate are top notch . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the games have been great so far . the bluray is really good . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . it has best picture and framerate . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the quality of the video graphics is great . it has fast , great graphics . 4k gaming is also good . the size of the updates are huge . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . 1 tb hd is handy . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . games look amazing . they run very smooth . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it does not come with a native 4k player . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the 4k games are incredible . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it does not play 4k movies . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are great . the system could not play my 4k movies . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####it does not play games in true 4k . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are better . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . gameplay and menus are smoother . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k capabilities are terrific . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the memory are upgraded . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics are better and faster . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . it change the quality of all games . i could immediately see the difference with games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it looks nice on my 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . it has great performance , and is much faster . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the 4k is great on my big screen . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the 4k games are incredible . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it is the hdr that makes this shine . resolution is great . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the performance enhancements made this worth . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the image quality is amazing . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the system is quicker . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the system looks better on our 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . there is no noise during gameplay . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the picture quality is impressive . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the games load up fast . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it has tons of memory . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are great . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system could not play my 4k movies . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it .####the exclusives are so great . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the 4k games are incredible . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are amazing . resolution is great . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system is really quiet . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics are lifelike . the gaming quality has a huge difference . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the games in 4k looks better . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the 4k games are incredible . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either .####graphics are better . the games have been great so far . the exclusives are great . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####visuals are stunning . 4k and hdr games look great . the wide variety of titles is second to none . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are amazing and life like . the graphics are unreal . it does not support 4k bluray discs . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the games look significantly better . games look and play fantastic . menus are fast . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the 4k games are incredible . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the bluray is really good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####resolution is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . visuals are stunning . it is great with a hdr screen . the wide variety of titles is second to none . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the exclusive games are good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####games are better in resolution . the image quality is amazing . performance is better . games run smoothes . the system is quicker . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it has best picture and framerate . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the menus and games are amazing . the games run smoother . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the speed is amazing . the loading times are faster . the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are crisp and smooth . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . it does not come with a native 4k player . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . it has fast , great graphics . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . the size of the updates are huge . it is super fast . it has a huge space . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim####the wifi is definitely better . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####graphics look great and more detailed now . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . 4k and hdr games look great . it lacks the 4k bluray . performance of ps4 is too good . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the graphics are noticeably superior . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the fan is not that loud . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . the 4k games are incredible . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is extra fast . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####games look better . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the memory are upgraded . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . games look better . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the image quality is amazing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the heating and noise comments are true . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . the system is quicker with loading . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the wifi is definitely better . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####graphics are better . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####graphics are much nicer . sony has the best exclusive games and content . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####it has great graphics . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the enhanced graphics are great . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####the graphics look amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . there is a difference when playing games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####graphics are better and faster . games look great and controllers are nice . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the image quality is amazing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the graphics are amazing . graphics is impressive . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the system is really quiet . multitasking is impressive . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the addition of 4k capability is great . resolution is great . games look great and controllers are nice . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . it has best picture and framerate . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . there is no noise during gameplay . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the download speed are faster as well . it has faster processing power and load times . the console runs faster and smoother . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are amazing and life like . performance of ps4 is too good . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv . this console did not disappoint at all . there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####there are noticeable differences in games between the 2 consoles . the exclusives are so great . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the loading time is improved . the extra storage is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####you will notice the smoother framerate . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it can not connect to the internet . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the image quality is amazing . the 4k support looks great . the system is quicker . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the wifi is definitely better . it has more efficient online gaming . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is no fps drops . it has best picture and framerate . games look and play fantastic . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the 4k is great on my big screen . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the storage is great for all my games . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####i could immediately see the difference with games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are better . the graphics are amazing . it has more efficient online gaming . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####graphics are lifelike . the picture quality are astounding . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the image quality is amazing . the games can be played in 4k . it is great with a hdr screen . however , it can not play 4k movies . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has best picture and framerate . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games look significantly better . the games have been great so far . menus are fast . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####many games improves . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics are stunning . the graphics are amazing . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it can produce amazing graphics . the hd quality is better than any device i have . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the graphics are great . it is the hdr that makes this shine . graphics is impressive . the system could not play my 4k movies . the performance enhancements made this worth . the performance is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .####the wifi is definitely better . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the wifi is definitely better . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####the wifi is definitely better . the picture is amazing . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie .####there is a difference in graphics . it has great graphics . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . the 4k games are incredible . 4k gaming is also good . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics look amazing . performance and graphics are great . there is a difference when playing games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it does not play 4k bluray . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the one tb storage is great . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####it can produce amazing graphics . the exclusives are so great . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down .####the wifi is definitely better . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the graphics are great . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are better . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####games look better . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the games run smoother . games look great and controllers are nice . the loading times are faster . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####graphics are much nicer . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the games have faster framerate . the games have been great so far . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it is a sleek system with good visuals . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####visuals are stunning . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the wifi is definitely better . 4k gaming is also good . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . games look great and controllers are nice . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look amazing . they run very smooth . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####graphics are better and faster . 4k and hdr games look great . the exclusives are so great . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics are great . graphics are much nicer . the system could not play my 4k movies . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the games have faster framerate . the games have been great so far . the exclusives are great . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . this does not lag on games . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the performance of vr is awesome . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive . the additional capacity is great . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####the graphics and speed are amazing ! you can do all kinds of things . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the additional capacity is great . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the 4k output is gorgeous . the bluray player is not a 4k . the heating and noise comments are true . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are better . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . gameplay and menus are smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . graphics are better and faster . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the picture is great with my 4k tv . it is great with a hdr screen . there is no noise during gameplay . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####the wifi is definitely better . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the gaming quality has a huge difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the picture is amazing . the extra space is a huge plus . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me , i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade ! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4 ! it has wonderful apps , is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console ! i am excited to continue to use and love it ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the console runs faster and smoother . i am happy with the performance of the ps4 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####uhd 4k is great . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the graphics are great . the graphics are pretty amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the image quality is amazing . graphics is impressive . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . the system is quicker . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####ps4 pro is amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it is extra fast . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####the 4k capabilities are terrific . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the games have been great so far . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics is very very good . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . i could immediately see the difference with games . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####it has great graphics . the graphics are noticeably superior . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the enhanced graphics are great . the additional capacity is great . the hard drive space is a plus . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! load times take longer . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the exclusives are so great . it is a superior gaming machine . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the 4k games are incredible . the games in 4k looks better . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the bluray player is not a 4k . the extra space is a huge plus . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics is very very good . it has near 4k graphics . the size of the updates are huge . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the heating and noise comments are true . it has great performance , and is much faster . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . i really appreciate the one tb storage . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! resolution is great . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics are stunning . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system is really quiet . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . the exclusives are so great . the exclusives are great . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . the picture is amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has fast , great graphics . the graphics are better . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the image quality is amazing . sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the system is quicker . the fan is not that loud . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####it has better graphics and framerate . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the image quality is amazing . it has more efficient online gaming . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . it has a 1 tb drive . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the 4k optimized games look amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####there is no fps drops . graphics and framerate are top notch . the scaling to 4k is great . games look and play fantastic . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . this does not lag on games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro .####the vr was easy to use . games run smoother . there is no hd bluray drive . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the bluray player is not a 4k . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####it has great graphics . the quality of the video graphics is great . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it has fast , great graphics . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####it has great graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it made a difference in performance and graphics the one tb storage is great . the additional capacity is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal !####the 4k output is gorgeous . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles , they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast . great system . but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k output is gorgeous . it does not play 4k movies . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . the ps4 pro is an awesome and very powerful console ! i had a new 4k tv , so it made sense for me to spend the extra money on the pro model . i do not regret the extra cost at all . the graphics are beautiful and loading times are very fast . if you already have a ps4 , i would not upgrade . i would wait it out for the future console that playstation puts out . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are beautiful . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . loading times are very fast . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components .####it has fast , great graphics . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the 4k is great on my big screen . the size of the updates are huge . there is no noise during gameplay . 1 tb hd is handy . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . graphics are better and faster . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####graphics are much nicer . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4 .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! it has best picture and framerate . games look so much better . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are amazing and life like . games look and play fantastic . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the 4k games are incredible . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####downloads seem faster . uhd 4k is great . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the games feel smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv .####the 4k games are incredible . graphics are nice , too . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics are lifelike . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####there is no fps drops . the scaling to 4k is great . games look and play fantastic . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . it has great performance , and is much faster . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro about a year after i purchased the original ps4 . i game on a 1080p screen so i was really just looking to increase performance and framerate which it has done fairly well . seems to be a lot quieter and load times have improved on older games with the latest firmware update . not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it seems to be quieter and load times have improved . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the games have faster framerate . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the image quality is amazing . processor is faster . the system is quicker . the console runs faster and smoother . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have been an xbox guy ever since the original came out . and , while i still love my xbox one x , there is something crisper about how the ps4 pro renders games and the exclusives are far more interesting . spiderman comes to life on the pro and god of war is absolutely stunning . i had purchased the original ps4 upon release , but the pro feels like a different console altogether . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####the ps4 pro renders games crispier . it looks great on my 4k tv . the exclusives are far more interesting . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####the 4k games are incredible . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the 4k games are incredible . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . load time was a lot quicker . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games look significantly better . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . menus are fast . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the graphics and speed are amazing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the image quality is amazing . graphics are much nicer . games look pretty good . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . resolution is great . the performance enhancements made this worth . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####uhd 4k is great . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it made a difference in performance and graphics the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the addition of 4k capability is great . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the image quality is amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for something to do when i spend long periods of time away from home for my job , and i am blown away ! not only are the games great , but i can shuffle through my netflix , and prime tv all from my hotels free wifi . so glad i bought this , it gets used every day almost if not for games for its other ps exclusive abilities . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the games are great . i can watch netflix from free wifi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . there is no noise during gameplay . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . load times take longer . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . there is no fps drops . the graphics are amazing . games look and play fantastic . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the image quality is amazing . it looks nice on my 4k tv . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the screen flickers and then turns black . the graphics are amazing . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the heating and noise comments are true . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the 4k output is gorgeous . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####graphics are better . the addition of 4k capability is great . gameplay and menus are smoother . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . not going to lie i was a little nervous about dumping 450 bucks into a system i already had . but i can tell you for sure this is definately worth the upgrade . you need to have 4k tv to see the ups to having this system , not to mention the boost to operating speeds and reduced lag online because you can connect to 5ghz speed internet .####the wifi is definitely better . the 5ghz speed internet reduced lags online . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . this is definately worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . it does not play 4k bluray . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the graphics are amazing . it is the hdr that makes this shine . there is no uhd player . the system is really quiet . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded from my regular 500gb ps4 to a ps4 pro and it was the best decision i have made with any video game product . the extra hard drive space alone was great but another thing i was very pleased with was how the pro runs so much smoother and quieter than the regular system . whether you are a casual or hardcore gamer , i highly recommend upgrading to a pro . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####the graphics are amazing . the pro runs smoother and quieter than the regular system . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system is really quiet . the extra hard drive space was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the console runs faster and smoother . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . there is no noise during gameplay . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . ps4 with one disappointment , it will not support 4k drive to play 4k movies . but this one supports a 4k gaming and way better than xbox one s in terms of performance . if you are watching lot of 4k movies along with gaming , xbox one s would be your choice . but if you want more performance , speed and 4k gaming beast for long term , ps4 pro is your final destination .####this one supports 4k gaming and has better performance than xbox one s. games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the exclusives are so great . it is extra fast . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####it has great graphics . the games run smoother . the games have been great so far . the loading times are faster . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####there are extra usb ports . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the graphics are better . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####graphics are fantastic . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . i really appreciate the one tb storage . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it has fast , great graphics . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the resolution boosts . it has best picture and framerate . the graphics and speed are amazing . 4k gaming experience is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought the pro so that i could give my ps4 to my grandson . my 55 '' tv is only hd not 4k . there is no noticeable difference using an hd tv between the ps4 and the ps4 pro . do not feel sorry for me . in the near future , i will be getting a top of the line 4k tv . then i will be so happy that i bought the pro . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####there is no noticeable difference using an hd tv between ps4 and ps4 pro . games look better . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####there is a difference in graphics . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . the exclusive games are amazing . it is not a 4k bluray player . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down .####the wifi is definitely better . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it can produce amazing graphics . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the bluray player is not a 4k . the fan is much quieter . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the image quality is amazing . the games in 4k looks better . the graphics are clearer . the system is quicker . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . it has fast , great graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####the graphics are better . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games can be played in 4k . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the exclusive games are amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . games look great and controllers are nice . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####it has fast , great graphics . the games look significantly better . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the size of the updates are huge . menus are fast . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####there is a difference in graphics . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price .####it has best picture and framerate . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . this pro model has significant game load improvements . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well finally i have a system that will utilize the 4k native resolution . and when the games are given the patch for it , it is worth every penny spent on the system . amazing and better processing power . plus the graphics boost during the vr experiences makes this the go to system . if you have your old ps4 system you will also get trade in value for the system . this will knock the price down . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . graphics boost during vr experiences . the processing power is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the gaming quality has a huge difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####the wifi is definitely better . these new systems require the internet . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . it is not a 4k bluray player . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . playing games with this system is enjoyable . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games .####the exclusive games are amazing . however , the fan is very loud . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . however , the fan is very loud . ps4 pro is a good upgrade . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####graphics are nice , too . the enhanced graphics are great . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the 4k games are incredible . the new ps4 has way better performance . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it has best picture and framerate . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it has great graphics . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the 4k was awesome ! the graphics are amazing . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . the fan is not that loud . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . the heating and noise comments are true . the new ps4 has way better performance . the system is quicker . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####graphics are lifelike . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k was awesome ! the games can be played in 4k . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . graphics are much nicer . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the graphics are unreal . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony !####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . load times are faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the scaling to 4k is great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics are great . it looks nice on my 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it has best picture and framerate . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the 4k output is gorgeous . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . there is no uhd player . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####the wifi is definitely better . it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . the resolution boosts . it has better graphics . 4k gaming experience is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####there is a difference in graphics . games look better . it is great with a hdr screen . it is not a 4k bluray player . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it is the hdr that makes this shine . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the exclusive games are amazing . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the picture quality is impressive . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the games load up fast . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture quality is impressive . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the smoothness in gameplay is big . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . i do not like the controller , it is bigger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the games look significantly better . the games can be played in 4k . menus are fast . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console is one of the best on the market today . ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr . you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work . i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform . five stars out of five stars for me . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . this is a great consolel that does hdr . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . i could immediately see the difference with games . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####there is no fps drops . the 4k games are incredible . games look and play fantastic . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are lifelike . it does not come with a native 4k player . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####the graphics are great . the system could not play my 4k movies . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are amazing . games look and play fantastic . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . visuals are stunning . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . the wide variety of titles is second to none . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####graphics are better . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . gameplay and menus are smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####performance and graphics are great . games look great and controllers are nice . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####performance and graphics are great . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the image quality is amazing . the 4k was awesome ! i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####it has great graphics . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it has better graphics and framerate . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has best picture and framerate . it does not come with a native 4k player . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are amazing . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . i could immediately see the difference with games . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the exclusives are so great . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####downloads seem faster . the 4k was awesome ! the games feel smoother . the exclusives are so great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphics are amazing and life like . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . graphics are much nicer . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are better and faster . games run smoother . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the 4k support is great . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance . the console runs faster and smoother . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have just been playing on my ps3 until now . this is such an awesome improvement . i can not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4 , but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming , 1 tb storage , non-pita background downloads , and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho . game play is excellent as always .####the graphics are pretty amazing . graphics are lifelike . graphics and user interface are better . 1 tb hard drive is also good . live game streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k .####it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was skeptical seeing this and purchases around the time of the x coming out . owning the original ps4 made me feel like a fool ( early adopter syndrom ) . after getting a oled c7 65 , i had to test it out so decided for the upgrade and amazing ! games like dark souls 3 and destiny 2 finally make me excited for this generation ! and replaying older games with the `` boost '' mode is phenomenal ! recommend if you have a 4k tv only though !####the wifi is definitely better . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the upgrade is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i am so happy i bought the ps4 pro . i was on the fence about 4k but this thing can push some amazing graphics ! the main reason i splurged is because i ended up selling my og ps4 when the switch came out , and got a 4k tv for christmas so though what the heck . and it is not much bigger than the launch ps4 . the upgrade to 4k is well worth the price .####graphics are much nicer . this thing can push some amazing graphics . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the upgrade to 4k is worth the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . great console for the price . only worth the upgrade if you have or will soon have 4ktv with hdr . bummer no 4k drive but i have a x1s anyway . could be me but for 4k video streaming i think xbox one s seems a tad clearer . but the ps4 pro games that are supported are truly stunning . it even makes cod look like eye candy . the console has great potential , i only hope devs will utilize this .####graphics are lifelike . games that supported 4k are stunnung . i could immediately see the difference with games . upgrade only if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the quality of the video graphics is great . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the games run smoother . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive . the loading times are faster . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####it does not feel so good . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it does not accept any cds . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the bluray player is not a 4k . it has more storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the graphics are great . the hd quality is better than any device i have . i could immediately see the difference with games . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . uhd 4k is great . graphics are lifelike . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####i could immediately see the difference with games . the bluray is really good . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the graphics are amazing . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . my games have significant improvements . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it .####the 4k games are incredible . it produces fantastic graphics . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the gameplay is seamless . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . ps4 pro is amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is extra fast . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics are better and faster . it has best picture and framerate . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony !####graphics look great and more detailed now . more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . it lacks the 4k bluray . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####hdr games are spectacular . it has best picture and framerate . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the 4k output is gorgeous . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusives are great . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is no fps drops . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . games look and play fantastic . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had this for about a month now . i upgraded from a launch day ps4 and this system is much quieter and does not get as warm as my old ps4 did . games also play much better . god of war was so much smoother on this system over my old one . i would recommend this even if you do not have 4k just for the improvement in gameplay . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . games are much better . i could immediately see the difference with games . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is much quieter . it does not get too warm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is a difference in graphics . graphics are better and faster . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . i love the performance of my pro . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i upgraded from a standard ps4 . i would say it is worth it if you play a lot of games and stream shows or sports on a 4k tv . i watch a lot of nhl games and they look better than cable hd . sports video games are much clearer and the new games coming out look amazing in 4k too . the 1 tb hard drive is nice to have too , especially if you digital down load your games . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . this console has plenty of space . the 1 tb hard drive is nice to have . it is worth it if you play a lot of games and stream shows or sports on a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####graphics look great and more detailed now . pictures are great on 4k tvs . it lacks the 4k bluray . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the image quality is amazing . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the system is quicker . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####graphics are much nicer . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . i really appreciate the one tb storage . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the addition of 4k capability is great . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it is worth it . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded .####the wifi is definitely better . it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . the exclusive games are amazing . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . it has fast , great graphics . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this to go with my new 4k tv . the quality is slightly better than the regular ps4 in my opinion . the games i have been playing however were not made with the 4k and the ps4 pro is upscaling it . i am not sure it is worth to spend the extra until more games will use the 4k . other than that the system is running great and seems quicker then the previous model as well . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the quality is better . the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . the system runs quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####there are extra usb ports . graphics are lifelike . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the addition of 4k capability is great . the performance of vr is awesome . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it does not play games in true 4k . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great console.just upgraded from ps4 to pro.you will not feel the difference unless you buy a 4k tv and if the tv supports hdr that a plus.i bought hisense 55 tv to use it with the console and the difference in picture is noticeable .things like high quality textures , dynamic lighting effects and dynamic environment will look great on pro.i played horizon zero dawn on it and the details in the game blew my mind . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####you will not feel the difference unless with a 4k hdr . the image quality is amazing . the exclusives are so great . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv . this console did not disappoint at all . there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes .####there are noticeable differences in games between the 2 consoles . i could immediately see the difference with games . the loading time is improved . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the extra storage is great . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the picture is amazing with my tv . the exclusives are so great . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it is the hdr that makes this shine . i love the performance of my pro . the performance enhancements made this worth . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the additional capacity is great . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i love the performance of my pro . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####the addition of 4k capability is great . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is a superior gaming machine . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . there is no 4k bluray player . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the image quality is amazing . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the system is quicker . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the exclusives are so great . it is a superior gaming machine . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . vr capabilities really are state of the art . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . the performance of vr is awesome . i could immediately see the difference with games . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are amazing . it is great with a hdr screen . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the bluray player is not a 4k . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . the image quality is amazing . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . the system is quicker . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####it has great graphics . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####games are better in resolution . it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####it does not play games in true 4k . the 4k capabilities are terrific . 4k gaming is also good . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the memory are upgraded . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . the fan is much quieter . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the graphics and speed are amazing . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . it has best picture and framerate . the additional capacity is great . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the graphics are stunning . the gaming quality has a huge difference . i could immediately see the difference with games . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . the games have been great so far . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it does not play games in true 4k . it has better graphics and framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential .####the 4k games are incredible . games look amazing . they run very smooth . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the image quality is amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the 4k is great on my big screen . graphics are much nicer . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the 4k support is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the bluray is really good . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k quality is amazing . graphics are better . it has best picture and framerate . gameplay and menus are smoother . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it looks great on my 4k tv . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the graphics are amazing . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####the exclusive games are amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####performance and graphics are great . games look awesome on my 4k tv . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it has great performance , and is much faster . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the graphics are amazing . games look pretty good . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics are lifelike . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it has great performance , and is much faster . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the exclusives are so great . this pro model has significant game load improvements . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####i could immediately see the difference with games . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . it has tons of memory . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the gaming quality has a huge difference . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . the addition of 4k capability is great . ps4 has great exclusives . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the 4k games are incredible . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the graphics are great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the system could not play my 4k movies . the bluray is really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the games that supports 4k is astounding . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it has great graphics . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the graphics are amazing . the addition of 4k capability is great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics is very very good . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the download speed are faster as well . the picture is amazing . it is great with a hdr screen . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics are lifelike . the graphics are amazing . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are sweet . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are stunning . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the performance is excellent ! the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the addition of 4k capability is great . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! graphics is impressive . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####4k gaming is also good . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . the extra space is a huge plus . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the games have been great so far . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is a sleek system with good visuals . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the graphics are amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the exclusive games are amazing . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the pro is a worthy upgrade to the ps4 slim . the main differences are really showcased if you have a 4k tv with hdr . if the software take advantage , you will be showcased a beautiful spectacle of gaming , full high dynamic range in great detail . uncharted , gran turismo , and particularly the new god of war are just breathtaking . even games like fortnite with benefit from larger draw distances and zippier load times . the standard in consoles .####graphics are lifelike . you will have a spectacle gaming with great detail . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the games look significantly better . it has near 4k graphics . menus are fast . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####resolution is great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the 4k support looks great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the exclusives are so great . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the exclusive games are amazing . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####graphics are lifelike . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the scaling to 4k is great . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it has great graphics . the picture is great with my 4k tv . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are better . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####these new systems require the internet . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the graphics are amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . there is no uhd player . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture is amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it change the quality of all games . the hard drive was mal functioning . the larger hard drive is worth it . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had this for about a month now . i upgraded from a launch day ps4 and this system is much quieter and does not get as warm as my old ps4 did . games also play much better . god of war was so much smoother on this system over my old one . i would recommend this even if you do not have 4k just for the improvement in gameplay . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games are much better . the exclusives are great . it is much quieter . it does not get too warm . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the picture is amazing . graphics are much nicer . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the wifi is definitely better . load time was a lot quicker . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are unreal . it does not come with a native 4k player . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . the exclusive games are good . i could immediately see the difference with games . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the graphics are stunning . 4k and hdr games look great . the performance is excellent ! games load faster . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the graphics are stunning . the games look significantly better . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . menus are fast . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics and framerate are top notch . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####there is no uhd player . the additional capacity is great . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####graphics are lifelike . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it has more efficient online gaming . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####the wifi is definitely better . these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####the exclusives are so great . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it has near 4k graphics . sony has the best exclusive games and content . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the graphics are amazing . the addition of 4k capability is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the graphics are amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are better . the 4k support looks great . it does not come with a native 4k player . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics are much nicer . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it has near 4k graphics . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . this pro model has significant game load improvements . there are tons of great games . it has significant streaming improvements . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the wifi is definitely better . the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####it does not play games in true 4k . the quality of the video graphics is great . the 4k games are incredible . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me .####graphics are lifelike . sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . the heating and noise comments are true . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . i could immediately see the difference with games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are noticeably superior . it lacks the 4k bluray . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####many games improves . pictures are great on 4k tvs . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the addition of 4k capability is great . the exclusive games are amazing . the graphics and speed are amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too ! tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the 4k optimized games look amazing . there is a difference in graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####performance and graphics are great . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are amazing and life like . the graphics are unreal . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the wifi is definitely better . more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the graphics is amazing . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this guy has twice the gflops as the normal ps4 . i bought it mostly for vr , and i noticed that games run a bit smoother than on my launch ps4 . copying my data over via ethernet was painless , but can be a bit time consuming if you have a lot of data . i just wish it game standard with a 2tb hdd , but 1 tb is enough to get you going for a while . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has near 4k graphics . i bought it for vr , and games are smoother than ps4 . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . my games have significant improvements . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it made a difference in performance and graphics if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again .####the screen flickers and then turns black . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####the games have been great so far . it has more efficient online gaming . it is a sleek system with good visuals . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the picture is great with my 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . it is extra fast . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####i could immediately see the difference with games . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . it has tons of memory . the quality is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the enhanced graphics are great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the hard drive space is a plus . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it has near 4k graphics . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . it has great performance , and is much faster . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the console runs faster and smoother . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the games can be played in 4k . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . however , it can not play 4k movies . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k support is great . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it has fast , great graphics . the graphics are pretty amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . the console runs faster and smoother . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv .####the wifi is definitely better . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the graphics are amazing . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . there is no uhd player . the system is really quiet . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it supports 4k and hdr video . the hard drive was mal functioning . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is a difference in graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . games run smoother . it is extra fast . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the graphics are great . graphics are much nicer . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price .####i could immediately see the difference with games . this pro model has significant game load improvements . it has significant streaming improvements . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the wifi is definitely better . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv . this console did not disappoint at all . there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox .####there are noticeable differences in games between the 2 consoles . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the exclusives are great . the loading time is improved . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . the extra storage is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics are much nicer . there are many options for games and the exclusives . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it has best picture and framerate . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . the hard drive was mal functioning . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must !####the menus and games are amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the speed is amazing . the system runs perfectly . the quality of the product is amazing . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it can produce amazing graphics . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the console runs faster and smoother . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k quality is amazing . the 4k support looks great . it has best picture and framerate . it has plenty storage . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the wifi is definitely better . the picture quality are astounding . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####it can produce amazing graphics . the games look significantly better . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . menus are fast . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i wish it had a 4k bluray player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it can produce amazing graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it lacks the 4k bluray . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the performance enhancements made this worth . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . pictures are great on 4k tvs . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules ! the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing .####the exclusives are so great . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it has fast , great graphics . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####there is a difference in graphics . games look better . power is efficient . there is no lags . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the bluray is really good . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . performance of ps4 is too good . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are lifelike . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics are enhanced for games . the visuals are stunning . it has best picture and framerate . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it can not connect to the internet . graphics are lifelike . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it can not connect to the internet . it has near 4k graphics . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the heating and noise comments are true . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the dash runs smooth . you have to dig into menus to get the controller to turn off since there no way to turn the controller light off manually or option for turning just the light off . the controller itself is designed pretty poorly . the left thumbstick is in an odd place on top of them being larger than average controllers for pc and other consoles . single player games are strong . multiplayer games are not different than on any other consoles . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it looks great on my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the dashboard runs smooth but the controller is designed poorly . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it lacks the 4k bluray . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . graphics are much nicer . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the graphics are amazing and life like . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the exclusives are so great . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it has tons of memory .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the graphics are amazing and life like . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . the games have been great so far . there is a difference in performance . it is a sleek system with good visuals . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the picture quality is impressive . the 4k output is gorgeous . the enhanced graphics are great . the games load up fast . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the games look significantly better . the graphics is amazing . menus are fast . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the exclusive games are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) .####graphics look great and more detailed now . games are better in resolution . it lacks the 4k bluray . performance is better . games run smoothes . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the picture is amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####graphics are lifelike . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are stunning . the 4k support looks great . the performance is excellent ! it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has great exclusives . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####graphics are lifelike . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the one tb storage is great . the memory are upgraded . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the picture is great with my 4k tv . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system is quicker with loading . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it is great with a hdr screen . performance of ps4 is too good . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####it has great graphics . it looks great on my 4k tv . the bluray is really good . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the 4k games are incredible . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are stunning . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####graphics are better and faster . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the fan is much quieter . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the 4k support is great . 4k and hdr games look great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####games look better . performance and graphics are great . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are better . it lacks the 4k bluray . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the 4k games are incredible . it does not play 4k movies . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is extra fast . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####pictures are great on 4k tvs . the graphics are unreal . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####you will notice the smoother framerate . the image quality is amazing . the graphics are unreal . you will notice the faster load times . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the 4k output is gorgeous . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the exclusives are so great . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are noticeably superior . games look and play fantastic . the exclusives are so great . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####graphics are better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . gameplay and menus are smoother . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are clearer . the system loads faster . the console runs faster and smoother . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the 4k games are incredible . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it is great with a hdr screen . the exclusive games are amazing . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the wifi is definitely better . the additional capacity is great . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the dash runs smooth . you have to dig into menus to get the controller to turn off since there no way to turn the controller light off manually or option for turning just the light off . the controller itself is designed pretty poorly . the left thumbstick is in an odd place on top of them being larger than average controllers for pc and other consoles . single player games are strong . multiplayer games are not different than on any other consoles . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . the dashboard runs smooth but the controller is designed poorly . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####graphics are lifelike . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the games have faster framerate . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv . this console did not disappoint at all . there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####there are noticeable differences in games between the 2 consoles . the exclusive games are amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . the loading time is improved . the extra storage is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the vr was easy to use . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the image quality is amazing . the graphics are better . the system is quicker . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are great . visuals are stunning . the graphics are amazing . the wide variety of titles is second to none . there are tons of great games . the video quality is great . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####graphics are lifelike . the bluray is really good . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it looks great on my 4k tv . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is super fast . it has a huge space . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the enhanced graphics are great . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . graphics and framerate are top notch . performance of ps4 is too good . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it has best picture and framerate . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####the wifi is definitely better . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the 4k was awesome ! the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the 4k support looks great . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it had no issues .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . it has best picture and framerate . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the graphics are impressive . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty great 4k capabilities and enhanced performance but honestly sony should have done more . more reason for folks with a ps4 to upgrade . there is barely any reason except to take advantage of 4k . if you do not have a 4k tv then do not even think about upgrading . as a whole though , if you are in the market to purchase a new console , then this is the definitely the right choice for you . here to hoping they release a bundle soon . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####pretty great 4k capabilities and enhanced performance . the graphics are amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the system is really quiet . however , if you do not have a 4k tv then do not upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics is amazing . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . the games that supports 4k is astounding .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####games look better . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing ! it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console is one of the best on the market today . ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr . you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work . i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform . five stars out of five stars for me . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the performance enhancements made this worth . this is a great consolel that does hdr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the graphics are amazing . the enhanced graphics are great . the system is really quiet . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . there is a difference in graphics . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . power is efficient . there is no lags . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality !####the wifi is definitely better . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####graphics are lifelike . hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me , i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade ! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4 ! it has wonderful apps , is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console ! i am excited to continue to use and love it !####it has best picture and framerate . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . i am happy with the performance of the ps4 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the wifi is definitely better . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####graphics are lifelike . it has more efficient online gaming . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . the games have faster framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####graphics are lifelike . the graphics are stunning . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . it has tons of memory . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great !####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . uhd 4k is great . the quality of the video graphics is great . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the 4k games are incredible . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####graphics are lifelike . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the console runs faster and smoother . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order !####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are significantly better . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k quality is amazing . the resolution boosts . ps4 pro is amazing . 4k gaming experience is good . it is extra fast . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####graphics is very very good . the exclusives are so great . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####you will notice the smoother framerate . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . games looks and plays great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player .####the wifi is definitely better . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . graphics are much nicer . the graphics are crisp and smooth . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####there is no fps drops . the 4k output is gorgeous . games look and play fantastic . the heating and noise comments are true . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the picture quality is impressive . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the games load up fast . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the graphics are great . the graphics are amazing . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . there are tons of great games . the video quality is great . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price .####there is no fps drops . the addition of 4k capability is great . games look and play fantastic . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . this pro model has significant game load improvements . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it can produce amazing graphics . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the 4k games are incredible . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the games can be played in 4k . ps4 pro is amazing . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is extra fast . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####it has best picture and framerate . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . it is worth it . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the graphics are great . graphics are lifelike . i really appreciate the one tb storage . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####these new systems require the internet . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics are better and faster . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####it has great graphics . it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics is amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the exclusive games are good . it is extra fast . the fan is much quieter . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the image quality is amazing . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it is extra fast . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv####graphics look great and more detailed now . it has best picture and framerate . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . the exclusives are great . the fan is super loud ! the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####graphics are lifelike . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the graphics are significantly better . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again !####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . uhd 4k is great . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the fan is much quieter . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it is great with a hdr screen . the performance enhancements made this worth . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the wifi is definitely better . the fan is much quieter . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####graphics are lifelike . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console is one of the best on the market today . ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr . you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work . i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform . five stars out of five stars for me . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . the console runs faster and smoother . this is a great consolel that does hdr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the console runs faster and smoother . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal !####the picture quality is impressive . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the games load up fast . i love the performance of my pro . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####resolution is great . however , the fan is very loud . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . graphics is impressive . load times are faster . the performance is impressive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####there is a difference in graphics . graphics are better and faster . it is not a 4k bluray player . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####downloads seem faster . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games feel smoother . the games that supports 4k is astounding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i purchased a ps4 slim model about a year ago , and i wanted to see how the experience changed from playing at 1080p to 4k . have not had a chance to test on a uhd 4k tv , but the enhancements are noticeable at 1080p with higher framerate in certain titles ( final fantasy xv , everybody golf , etc. ) . i appreciate the better performance , but i wish the enhancements extended to more titles .####the enhancements are noticeable with higher framerate . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####the exclusives are so great . games run smoother . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it supports 4k and hdr video . the console runs faster and smoother . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it does not play games in true 4k . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the visuals are stunning . the graphics is amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are stunning . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the bluray is really good . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the quality of the video graphics is great . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . uhd 4k is great . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . graphics and framerate are top notch . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the picture quality is impressive . the image quality is amazing . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . the games load up fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the exclusives are so great . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it lacks the 4k bluray . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . games look great and controllers are nice . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are better . graphics is very very good . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a playstaion loyalist so purchasing the new ps4 was a necessity and i have to say i have no complaints . 4k gaming looks awesome on my 4k tv . an annoying issue is the ps4 tends to him a tad bit loud when it is run for a long period of time . not loud where it is an issue but just enough to notice . true gamers need this console . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####4k gaming looks awesome on my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is an issue that ps4 runs loudly sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are amazing . games run smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####graphics are lifelike . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the graphics are better . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics is amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i traded my regular ps4 in for the pro and it has been an awesome decision despite not being a hardcore gamer . i do not get the utilization as my vizio 4k tv does not support hdr on hdmi ( but does in iapp , wth ? ! ? ) nonetheless still makes a huge difference in picture quality . i watch a lot of movies on the epix app in 4k since my cable service is only 1080i####the 4k games are incredible . it makes a huge difference in picture quality . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphics are noticeably superior . 4k gaming is also good . the performance enhancements made this worth . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the graphics are pretty amazing . the exclusive games are good . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####visuals are stunning . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components .####the 4k is great on my big screen . the storage is great for all my games . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####uhd 4k is great . graphics and framerate are top notch . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . games look better . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . it has best picture and framerate . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are unreal . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####performance and graphics are great . it has best picture and framerate . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the games can be played in 4k . the graphics are amazing . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it produces fantastic graphics . the image quality is amazing . the gameplay is seamless . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the image quality is amazing . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the exclusives are so great . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the 4k games are incredible . the 4k capabilities are terrific . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv####it has best picture and framerate . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the 4k quality is amazing . the enhanced graphics are great . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . it has plenty storage . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####there is no fps drops . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . 4k and hdr games look great . games look and play fantastic . load times take longer . games load faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . playing games with this system is enjoyable . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i love the performance of my pro . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! graphics are lifelike . it is great . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the 4k is great on my big screen . the storage is great for all my games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####it has decent graphics . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are amazing and life like . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####the graphics are amazing . the system looks better on our 4k tv . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . there is no noise during gameplay . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it change the quality of all games . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the graphics are great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####graphics are nice , too . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the picture quality is impressive . many games improves . i could immediately see the difference with games . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray . it has great performance , and is much faster . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . i could immediately see the difference with games . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . graphics are lifelike . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too !####the wifi is definitely better . it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the 4k optimized games look amazing . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####downloads seem faster . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the games feel smoother . playing games with this system is enjoyable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the games in 4k looks better . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the console runs faster and smoother . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are impressive . i could immediately see the difference with games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it can not connect to the internet . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . i could immediately see the difference with games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has better graphics . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the performance of vr is awesome . i could immediately see the difference with games . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it has great performance , and is much faster . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is an awesome and very powerful console ! i had a new 4k tv , so it made sense for me to spend the extra money on the pro model . i do not regret the extra cost at all . the graphics are beautiful and loading times are very fast . if you already have a ps4 , i would not upgrade . i would wait it out for the future console that playstation puts out . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are beautiful . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . loading times are very fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####the download speed are faster as well . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games look pretty good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the exclusives are so great . the additional capacity is great . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####graphics are much nicer . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it does not come with a native 4k player . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####it has decent graphics . the games have been great so far . the exclusives are great . it has great gameplay . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####graphics are much nicer . the bluray is really good . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the image quality is amazing . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the system is quicker . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it has near 4k graphics . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics is amazing . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the games look significantly better . the 4k support looks great . games look great and controllers are nice . menus are fast . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4. not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . games look so much better . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . the console runs faster and smoother . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . it is a superior gaming machine . it is extra fast . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the graphics are unreal . games look great and controllers are nice . there is no 4k bluray player . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the image quality is amazing . it has more efficient online gaming . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . sony has the best exclusive games and content . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####these new systems require the internet . uhd 4k is great . the graphics are amazing . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics are great . the graphics is amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the enhanced graphics are great . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the fan is a bit loud . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . graphics and framerate are top notch . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it has fast , great graphics . the picture is amazing . the graphics are better . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####there is a difference in graphics . graphics is very very good . the exclusives are so great . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . the pro has many advantages over the slim model and the only thing that beats it as far as gaming is my pc . i got a great deal at christmas for it , but i wish i had more time to actually use it . god of war was smooth on it , along with other games . i think we have watched more videos using the bluray player in it than playing games . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the performance of vr is awesome . games are smooth . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####graphics are much nicer . the hd quality is better than any device i have . the graphics are crisp and smooth . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the games have been great so far . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it is great with a hdr screen . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are amazing . graphics are much nicer . the system is really quiet . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it does not have a true 4k bluray player . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####games look great and controllers are nice . the one tb storage is great . the additional capacity is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the ps4 pro is an awesome and very powerful console ! i had a new 4k tv , so it made sense for me to spend the extra money on the pro model . i do not regret the extra cost at all . the graphics are beautiful and loading times are very fast . if you already have a ps4 , i would not upgrade . i would wait it out for the future console that playstation puts out . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are beautiful . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . loading times are very fast . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it does not play games in true 4k . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the graphics are stunning . games look great and controllers are nice . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . there is noticeable performance improvements . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the picture is amazing . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####games look better . the graphics are pretty amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the additional capacity is great . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####graphics are lifelike . this does not lag on games . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it has best picture and framerate . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the graphics are stunning . graphics are better and faster . the performance is excellent ! it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money .####many games improves . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the bluray is really good . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the wifi is definitely better . however , the included hdmi cable was not working . the graphics are amazing and life like . ps4 has great exclusives .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the enhanced graphics are great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####there is a difference in graphics . graphics are lifelike . it is not a 4k bluray player . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####uhd 4k is great . graphics and framerate are top notch . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . graphics and framerate are top notch . the gaming quality has a huge difference . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####it has great graphics . the graphics are pretty amazing . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . i could immediately see the difference with games . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####4k gaming is also good . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the games have been great so far . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it is a sleek system with good visuals . multitasking is impressive . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####it produces fantastic graphics . the picture is amazing . the gameplay is seamless . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the hd quality is better than any device i have . the graphics are amazing and life like . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the image quality is amazing . hdr games are spectacular . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the system is quicker . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the exclusive games are good . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####uhd 4k is great . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the exclusives are so great . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k quality is amazing . it has best picture and framerate . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the 4k games are incredible . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####graphics are much nicer . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####the 4k output is gorgeous . games look better . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####it looks great on my 4k tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . graphics look great and more detailed now . 4k gaming is also good . it lacks the 4k bluray . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . games look pretty good . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing .####there is no fps drops . it does not play games in true 4k . games look and play fantastic . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it has near 4k graphics . the graphics is amazing . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the 4k optimized games look amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate .####there are extra usb ports . performance and graphics are great . the graphics are amazing and life like . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####graphics are better and faster . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the 4k quality is amazing . the 4k games are incredible . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . resolution is great . it does not come with a native 4k player . load times take longer . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####these new systems require the internet . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the graphics are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the vr was easy to use . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####uhd 4k is great . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has more efficient online gaming . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . hdr games are spectacular . it has best picture and framerate . it does not come with a native 4k player . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are amazing . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the bluray is really good . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the graphics are amazing . graphics are better and faster . the system is really quiet . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games load up fast . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are amazing . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####there is a difference in graphics . the quality of the video graphics is great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . power is efficient . there is no lags . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####uhd 4k is great . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####it has great graphics . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the graphics look amazing . graphics are lifelike . the games can be played in 4k . there is a difference when playing games . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . it has fast , great graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . sony has the best exclusive games and content . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . ps4 pro is amazing . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it is extra fast . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics are great . the games look significantly better . there is no noise during gameplay . menus are fast . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####there is no fps drops . 4k and hdr games look great . games look and play fantastic . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv .####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . the exclusives are so great . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are stunning . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the bluray player is not a 4k . there is no 4k bluray player . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the fan is much quieter . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing ! if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the 4k games are incredible . it is great with a hdr screen . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . 4k and hdr games look great . i could immediately see the difference with games . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . many games improves . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the games have faster framerate . resolution is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are unreal . the games that supports 4k is astounding . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has near 4k graphics . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the graphics are amazing . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the system is really quiet . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . it has best picture and framerate . it is great with a hdr screen . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the extra space is a huge plus . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the vr was easy to use . games look amazing . they run very smooth . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####it has great graphics . the addition of 4k capability is great . it is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are clearer . the games load up fast . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####games look better . graphics and framerate are top notch . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####the picture is amazing . the exclusives are so great . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####graphics are better and faster . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the exclusives are so great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . i could immediately see the difference with games . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphics are better . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####there is no fps drops . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . games look and play fantastic . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it has best picture and framerate . graphics is impressive . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . the performance is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####many games improves . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games in 4k looks better . it does not come with a native 4k player . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are much nicer . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture quality is impressive . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the hd quality is better than any device i have . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it has great performance , and is much faster . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up .####the download speed are faster as well . the exclusives are so great . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . i notice very little difference in graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . the performance of vr is awesome . it is extra fast . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . it is the hdr that makes this shine . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro , and have really enjoyed my experience . ps4 pro 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k tv , and i can tell a difference between regular , and pro albeit not a tremendous amount . if i have one con , it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k bluray discs . overall , i highly recommend this product for any true gamer .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k capabilities are incredible . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray discs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####downloads seem faster . the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the games feel smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####there is a difference in graphics . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games that supports 4k is astounding . power is efficient . there is no lags . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the quality of the video graphics is great . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it has best picture and framerate . the bluray player is not a 4k . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . games look awesome on my 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased this item on black friday and received it with an hdmi cable that was not working . needless to say , it was scary setting everything up and not seeing anything show up on the tv . when the hdmi cable was changed , we breathed a sigh of relief that we did not receive a completely faulty console . aside from the faulty cable , it has been operating fine so far . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the hdmi cable is not working . after changing , everything operates fine . the console runs faster and smoother . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the games look significantly better . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . menus are fast . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have not has a playstation product since playstation 2. it is been xbox for me since . i missed out on a lot of exclusive playstation titles so i decided to jump back with the ps4 pro . it is looks amazing , especially paired up with my sony bravia 4k tv . although not as powerful as an xbox one x , this is still a great gaming console with an extensive catalogue of 1st party games . worth the buy !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the addition of 4k capability is great . it is looks amazing with my 4k tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####games look better . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the fan is a bit loud . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . the games look significantly better . ps4 pro is amazing . menus are fast . it is extra fast . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####graphics are lifelike . the graphics are better . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the console runs faster and smoother . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####vr capabilities really are state of the art . the games have been great so far . the system runs perfectly . it is a sleek system with good visuals . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####graphics are much nicer . 4k gaming is also good . load time was a lot quicker . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the games have been great so far . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####it has fast , great graphics . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . the games that supports 4k is astounding . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo ! ( yes it is been that long lol ) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years . this system is awesome ! easy to set up , easy to use , and works great with my new 4k tv ! this thing is a beast ! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no uhd player . this system is awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the enhanced graphics are great . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####games look better . visuals are stunning . the games run smoother . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the loading times are faster . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the graphics are clearer . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it made a difference in performance and graphics the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the 4k support looks great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the additional capacity is great . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . first time buying a ps4 since i wanted to wait until a native 4k playstation would be introduced that is also capable of playing 4k bluray so that i can show off my 4ktv . personally i think it looks and plays better than the xbox 1s which actually is 4k native , so i am glad i bit the bullet and made this purchase . good deal considering you get the extra storage and updated processor .####it has best picture and framerate . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is a good deal to have the extra capacity and updated processor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would been waiting quite some time to get this , for many reasons , but i am extremely glad i finally pulled the trigger on this decision . the quality of play is 10x better than i would dreamed ( i am a pc gamer mostly and the lack of lag so far is amazing ) plus i am a sucker for the final fantasy series , so it was a win win . plus a bluray player ? worth the buy . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the quality of play is better and the lack of lag is amazing . there is a bluray player . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics are noticeably superior . the system is really quiet . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the wifi is definitely better . this does not lag on games . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . graphics are much nicer . games run smoother . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must !####vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . the hard drive was mal functioning . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has near 4k graphics . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####graphics are lifelike . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the image quality is amazing . the graphics are amazing and life like . the system is quicker . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####it does not play games in true 4k . i notice very little difference in graphics . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the picture is amazing . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are much nicer . it has more storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . the games have been great so far . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the wifi is definitely better . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####graphics are fantastic . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . i could immediately see the difference with games . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the wifi is definitely better . my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the graphics are stunning . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the picture is great with my 4k tv . graphics is very very good . it does not come with a native 4k player . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####graphics are lifelike . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . graphics are lifelike . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect .####the graphics are unreal . vr capabilities really are state of the art . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####graphics are better and faster . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i purchased this item on black friday and received it with an hdmi cable that was not working . needless to say , it was scary setting everything up and not seeing anything show up on the tv . when the hdmi cable was changed , we breathed a sigh of relief that we did not receive a completely faulty console . aside from the faulty cable , it has been operating fine so far . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the hdmi cable is not working . after changing , everything operates fine . the exclusives are so great . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the games can be played in 4k . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####it has fast , great graphics . it looks nice on my 4k tv . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox .####games look better . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the exclusives are great . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it .####graphics are lifelike . the graphics are sweet . the extra space is wonderful . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability . i upgraded from the og ps4 and have noticed a big difference . i got this primarily for the psvr and i can not say that it is night and day but does run much smoother and all the small improvements do make for a noticeable difference . i am able to play for a longer period of time with little to no eye strain and really enjoy the small upgrades and further draw distances .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . it runs much smoother and makes a noticeable difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it has near 4k graphics . games run smoother . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the resolution boosts . you can do all kinds of things . 4k gaming experience is good . it is one of the best systems i have ever played . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the picture quality is impressive . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the exclusives are so great . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are amazing . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games look significantly better . it change the quality of all games . games run smoother . menus are fast . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the addition of 4k capability is great . visuals are stunning . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it made a difference in performance and graphics the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it produces fantastic graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . the gameplay is seamless . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . performance and graphics are great . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it looks great on my 4k tv . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it made a difference in performance and graphics i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . games run smoother . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . playing games with this system is enjoyable . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the enhanced graphics are great . the games look significantly better . the 4k capabilities are terrific . menus are fast . the hard drive space is a plus . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####processor is faster . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . hd movies look better in 4k . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . finally ps4 pro is out ! if you have a 4k or getting a 4k tv with hdr get ps4 pro . i have a sony tv so i got ps4 pro or else i may think of xbox s 1 tb cause it has 4k player ! but this ps4 pro was technically way stronger than xbox s for $ 50 more ! if you do not need a 4k player and your are gammer you know ps4 pro is your final destiny ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system is quicker . if you have a 4k hdr tv then get ps4 pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####graphics are better and faster . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the extra space is a huge plus . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro about a year after i purchased the original ps4 . i game on a 1080p screen so i was really just looking to increase performance and framerate which it has done fairly well . seems to be a lot quieter and load times have improved on older games with the latest firmware update . not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics are stunning . graphics are much nicer . it seems to be quieter and load times have improved . the performance is excellent ! it is not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####uhd 4k is great . the exclusive games are good . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are great . the graphics look amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is a difference when playing games . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . i love the performance of my pro . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####games are better in resolution . graphics are lifelike . performance is better . games run smoothes . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics are better . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . gameplay and menus are smoother . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . the console runs faster and smoother . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the graphics are amazing . the exclusives are so great . i love the performance of my pro . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####there is a difference in graphics . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . power is efficient . there is no lags . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it looks great on my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has more efficient online gaming . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the games have been great so far . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is a sleek system with good visuals . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the picture is amazing . the enhanced graphics are great . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are much nicer . i could immediately see the difference with games . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####hdr games are spectacular . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . my fan is dead quiet . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is no uhd player . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the graphics are amazing and life like . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####it has best picture and framerate . sony has the best exclusive games and content . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the image quality is amazing . the 4k support looks great . the system is quicker . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are better . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####there is a difference in graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . power is efficient . there is no lags . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the hd quality is better than any device i have . i could immediately see the difference with games . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####it has great graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first i was not sure bout ps4 pro but now reading more bout it ended up buying it , also dont care of 4k player bcuz the pro can upscale regular bluray movies and games to 4k resolution.i also have a 50 \u2018 4ktv so cant wait.its funny how people wine and grone bout ps4 pro not 4k player.to me its okay at least it has an upscaler feature i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the pro upscales bluray movies and games to 4k resolution . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the system is quicker with loading . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics are lifelike . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i got this console because i wanted new titles to play and so far im extremely impressed ! i purchased \u201c detroit become human \u201d and it has been a fantastic experience . i also got it because i want to buy a 4k tv which i am doing soon so my gaming experience would be on the next level . this console has made me enjoy games again and i will continue to purchase more titles since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####titles are impressive . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . there is no 4k bluray player . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it change the quality of all games . this does not lag on games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####graphics are much nicer . the games can be played in 4k . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . there is no noise during gameplay . it made a difference in performance and graphics the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . i really appreciate the one tb storage . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####visuals are stunning . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . the wide variety of titles is second to none . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the image quality is amazing . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it does not play 4k movies . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are unreal . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it does not come with a native 4k player . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the picture is amazing . it has best picture and framerate . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . the games have been great so far . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####graphics are better . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the exclusive games are amazing . gameplay and menus are smoother . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i originally had a ps2 and 3 and i decided to try the xbox one . i am just not a fan of xbox and their controller the interface is sloppy and just nothing there that keeps me coming back . ps4 is faster better looking for ui and has a lot more games that are exclusive that i rather play . imo the controller is much better to use . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . ps4 has better looking ui and more exclusive games . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####games look better . the image quality is amazing . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the system is quicker . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has fast , great graphics . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are impressive . it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the 4k games are incredible . it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so !####it has great graphics . the graphics are amazing . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . the system is really quiet . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it has best picture and framerate . the games can be played in 4k . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the picture is amazing . i notice very little difference in graphics . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####graphics are better and faster . the scaling to 4k is great . the games have been great so far . the selections of games are a bonus . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the performance is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####it has fast , great graphics . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the exclusives are so great . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are amazing and life like . load time was a lot quicker . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection .####it has fast , great graphics . the picture quality on games is amazing . the size of the updates are huge . i could immediately see the difference with games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####it has great graphics . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i replaced my launch model ps4 with the ps4 pro to help improve game performance and get myself ready for a future upgrade to a 4k tv . the increased hard drive storage space is nice , but the lack of 4k bluray support is baffling . it is also worth upgrading for the boost in psvr performance . overall , it is a good console and almost a great one . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####however , the lack of 4k bluray support is baffling . the increaced hard drive space is nice . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the boost in psvr performance is worth upgrading . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are amazing . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . we have owned an xbox one for some time but finally decided to purchase the playstation for my 9 year olds b-day . he wanted the show 19 and it is only on playstation . the vr is amazing ! i use it all the time to play golf , beat saber and other games . and i am 48 : ) it is a lot of money , but it is worth it and i bet you will spend more money going to trampoline parks and such . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the vr is amazing ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i really enjoy this new playstation , it can stream and play videos and games in 4k which is pretty sweet if you have never experienced it before . only thing i could complain about is that it can not play 4k discs , and has a interesting disk drive sound when inserting and taking out discs . other than that flawless system and i would recommend to anyone wanting to experience 4k####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it does not come with a native 4k player . it can not play 4k discs . it can stream and play videos and games in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system####there is no fps drops . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . games look and play fantastic . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the image quality is amazing . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . there is no noise during gameplay . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room .####the 4k games are incredible . the extra space is a huge plus . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the 4k quality is amazing . the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . it made a difference in performance and graphics it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####the picture is amazing . the exclusives are so great . it does not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it is extra fast . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the 4k games are incredible . there is a difference in graphics . it is not a 4k bluray player . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the games look significantly better . playing games with this system is enjoyable . menus are fast . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . graphics are lifelike . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####games look great and controllers are nice . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the graphics are amazing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the games can be played in 4k . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it produces fantastic graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . the gameplay is seamless . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the picture is amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####it does not feel so good . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not accept any cds . it does not play 4k movies . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . pictures are great on 4k tvs . the 4k capabilities are terrific . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are stunning . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the picture is amazing with my tv . the picture quality are astounding . it has best picture and framerate . it has a 1 tb hard drive . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not play 4k movies . it does not play 4k bluray . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the 4k games are incredible . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it has great graphics . it is the hdr that makes this shine . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the graphics are amazing . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it is great with a hdr screen . playing games with this system is enjoyable . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are amazing and life like . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####graphics are much nicer . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are enhanced for games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it does not come with a native 4k player . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####i could immediately see the difference with games . the hard drive was mal functioning . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the picture is amazing . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the 4k output is gorgeous . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look pretty good . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . resolution is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####there is no fps drops . resolution is great . games look and play fantastic . it made a difference in performance and graphics it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics are lifelike . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it has fast , great graphics . the hd quality is better than any device i have . the graphics are better . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the games look significantly better . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . menus are fast . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . i could immediately see the difference with games . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . not going to lie i was a little nervous about dumping 450 bucks into a system i already had . but i can tell you for sure this is definately worth the upgrade . you need to have 4k tv to see the ups to having this system , not to mention the boost to operating speeds and reduced lag online because you can connect to 5ghz speed internet .####the 5ghz speed internet reduced lags online . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . this is definately worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . games looks and plays great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled . it does not play 4k bluray . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####the games have been great so far . the bluray is really good . it does not play 4k movies . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i originally owned the first release edition ps4 . which worked great for years but lately i noticed things were taking longer and the fan was awful . about a month ago i got the pro and it was amazing . it runs so much better than my old console . and while you will need to own a 4k tv to truly experience the better graphics but even with my regular tv there was a definite improvement .####the addition of 4k capability is great . there was a definite improvement even with my regular tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . games look awesome on my 4k tv . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the bluray player is not a 4k . there is no 4k bluray player . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining .####it change the quality of all games . games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . all i can say is there is a huge difference . between a ps4 and ps4 pro . graphics , game play ! processor speed alone and hard drive space helps ! must buy ! do not spend your money on a ps4 unless it is the ps4 pro ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the processor speed helps . the hard drive space helps ! the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . there is a huge difference between ps4 and ps4 pro . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i have just been playing on my ps3 until now . this is such an awesome improvement . i can not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4 , but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming , 1 tb storage , non-pita background downloads , and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho . game play is excellent as always .####performance and graphics are great . graphics and user interface are better . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . 1 tb hard drive is also good . live game streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the console runs faster and smoother . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the 4k games are incredible . there is no uhd player . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####i notice very little difference in graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the enhanced graphics are great . the graphics are clearer . it has best picture and framerate . the system loads faster . the hard drive space is a plus . it has more memory space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####it does not play games in true 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the 4k games are incredible . it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####many games improves . the scaling to 4k is great . the games have been great so far . the selections of games are a bonus . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . graphics are lifelike . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the enhanced graphics are great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust . one thing for sure though , games do run much smoother . some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference . ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro . my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do run much smoother . games load faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . graphics are lifelike . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####the visuals are stunning . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . i can stream most video files . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . the gaming quality has a huge difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####vr capabilities really are state of the art . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system runs perfectly . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####there is a difference in graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . power is efficient . there is no lags . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console is one of the best on the market today . ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr . you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work . i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform . five stars out of five stars for me . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . this is a great consolel that does hdr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are sweet . i could immediately see the difference with games . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####uhd 4k is great . graphics are much nicer . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics and speed are amazing ! i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the 4k was awesome ! it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####there is a difference in graphics . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . i could immediately see the difference with games . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####uhd 4k is great . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####there is no fps drops . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics is very very good . games look and play fantastic . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####many games improves . the graphics are stunning . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it produces fantastic graphics . the picture is amazing . the gameplay is seamless . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the system could not play my 4k movies . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the picture is amazing . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the bluray player is not a 4k . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance enhancements made this worth . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####the wifi is definitely better . many games improves . the graphics are great . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the 4k games are incredible . the games have faster framerate . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the 4k games are incredible . the 4k support is great . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of power for gaming , and its selection of media apps ( such as hulu , netflix , etc . ) along with it is ability to play regular bluray dvds makes it a fantastic all around entertainment machine . my only gripe is not with the console itself , but rather with my concerns about privacy on the playstation network . after reading around about their security issues , i would not recommend putting your credit card number on there , but rather , just using store bought playstation gift cards . and other than that , happy gaming ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . it has lots of power for gaming . it is able to play regular bluray dvds .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . the size of the updates are huge . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####there is no fps drops . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . 4k gaming is also good . games look and play fantastic . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes .####the exclusive games are amazing . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . graphics are much nicer . the graphics are clearer . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has great performance , and is much faster . it has more storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had this for about a month now . i upgraded from a launch day ps4 and this system is much quieter and does not get as warm as my old ps4 did . games also play much better . god of war was so much smoother on this system over my old one . i would recommend this even if you do not have 4k just for the improvement in gameplay . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . games are much better . the games have been great so far . it is much quieter . it does not get too warm . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####these new systems require the internet . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me , i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade ! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4 ! it has wonderful apps , is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console ! i am excited to continue to use and love it !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . i could immediately see the difference with games . i am happy with the performance of the ps4 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . graphics are much nicer . load times are faster . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the addition of 4k capability is great . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . you can do all kinds of things . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####games are better in resolution . graphics are lifelike . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro .####the wifi is definitely better . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . games run smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####graphics are lifelike . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the exclusives are so great . load time was a lot quicker . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the addition of 4k capability is great . 4k gaming is also good . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are better . the bluray player is not a 4k . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the picture is amazing . graphics is impressive . i could immediately see the difference with games . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the 4k output is gorgeous . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the graphics are clearer . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . load times take longer . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . i purchased a ps4 slim model about a year ago , and i wanted to see how the experience changed from playing at 1080p to 4k . have not had a chance to test on a uhd 4k tv , but the enhancements are noticeable at 1080p with higher framerate in certain titles ( final fantasy xv , everybody golf , etc. ) . i appreciate the better performance , but i wish the enhancements extended to more titles .####it has best picture and framerate . the enhancements are noticeable with higher framerate . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####it has fast , great graphics . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the image quality is amazing . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the system is quicker . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the 4k support looks great . it lacks the 4k bluray . the bluray player is not a 4k . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####the picture quality is impressive . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the games have been great so far . the games load up fast . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony . was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####it has best picture and framerate . graphics is very very good . the graphics are crisp and smooth . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####graphics are much nicer . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the system looks better on our 4k tv . it change the quality of all games . there is no noise during gameplay . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . it has best picture and framerate . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . there are many options for games and the exclusives . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics are better and faster . the system is quicker with loading . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the addition of 4k capability is great . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . graphics is very very good . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it has best picture and framerate . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####vr capabilities really are state of the art . it does not feel so good . it does not accept any cds . the bluray is really good . the system runs perfectly . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####graphics are lifelike . it is the hdr that makes this shine . there are many options for games and the exclusives . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the quality of the video graphics is great . my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the games can be played in 4k . the bluray player is not a 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the 4k capabilities are terrific . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i love the performance of my pro . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has better graphics and framerate . ps4 pro is amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . it is extra fast . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games look better . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is a difference in performance . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics are better and faster . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . i could immediately see the difference with games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are amazing . the picture is great with my 4k tv . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the system is really quiet . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order ! fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics are significantly better . it has fast , great graphics . graphics are much nicer . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . games run better and menus are faster . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the wifi is definitely better . there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . it has fast , great graphics . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the size of the updates are huge . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the graphics are amazing . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the system is really quiet . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has better graphics and framerate . 4k gaming is also good . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . the gaming quality has a huge difference . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the quality of the video graphics is great . it has best picture and framerate . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . games look better . the games have been great so far . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####there is no fps drops . the picture is great with my 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . games look and play fantastic . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are better . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####the 4k games are incredible . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it is great . it lacks the 4k bluray . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the 4k games are incredible . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the picture quality is impressive . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the picture is amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics are amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console is one of the best on the market today . ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr . you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work . i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform . five stars out of five stars for me . it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is a difference in graphics . it has best picture and framerate . power is efficient . there is no lags . this is a great consolel that does hdr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are stunning . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the image quality is amazing . it has best picture and framerate . sony has the best exclusive games and content . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . well daughter has been trying to get this for sometime now to play fortnite i on the other hand wanted a 4k movie player . do not be fooled as i was this will not player 4k ultra discs . not sony fault my fault did not read features well enough to see that it only streams 4k and gaming in 4k . daughter happy but not a two for one this christmas####the 4k capabilities are terrific . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . this does not play 4k ultra discs . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the system is quicker with loading . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are pretty amazing . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the 4k support looks great . the bluray player is not a 4k . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . it had no issues .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it made a difference in performance and graphics the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential .####games look amazing . they run very smooth . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the new ps4 has way better performance . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games looks and plays great . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphics are amazing and life like . the new ps4 has way better performance . the performance enhancements made this worth . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . 4k and hdr games look great . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . games load faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . the exclusives are so great . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the scaling to 4k is great . the exclusives are so great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the wifi is definitely better . the enhanced graphics are great . graphics and framerate are top notch . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it has decent graphics . the games have been great so far . it has great gameplay . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the fan is a bit loud . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the exclusives are so great . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it has great graphics . it is great with a hdr screen . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the 4k output is gorgeous . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the screen flickers and then turns black . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years !####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the hard drive was mal functioning . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics and speed are amazing ! games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . graphics are nice , too . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the image quality is amazing . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . the system is quicker . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####uhd 4k is great . the visuals are stunning . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the picture is amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . the vr was easy to use . it is extra fast . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv .####the wifi is definitely better . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the enhanced graphics are great . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . it has best picture and framerate . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it looks nice on my 4k tv . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . the fan is a bit loud . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the 4k games are incredible . it produces fantastic graphics . the enhanced graphics are great . the gameplay is seamless . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the games look significantly better . pictures are great on 4k tvs . games look great and controllers are nice . menus are fast . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is no 4k bluray player . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the addition of 4k capability is great . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the graphics look amazing . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . there is a difference when playing games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####it looks great on my 4k tv . graphics are better and faster . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it does not play games in true 4k . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the system looks better on our 4k tv . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . there is no noise during gameplay . there is no 4k bluray player . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the bluray player is not a 4k . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the addition of 4k capability is great . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics are pretty amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the 4k games are incredible . the 4k capabilities are terrific . games look great and controllers are nice . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####visuals are stunning . it is great with a hdr screen . the scaling to 4k is great . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are unreal . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the addition of 4k capability is great . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####playstation 4 plays bluray cds . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are amazing and life like . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the image quality is amazing . the graphics are noticeably superior . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the system is quicker . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####it has fast , great graphics . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the exclusives are so great . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . graphics are much nicer . the games look significantly better . the graphics are amazing . menus are fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . games look better . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the exclusive games are good . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . the fan is super loud !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are pretty amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player .####it does not play games in true 4k . the exclusives are so great . the exclusive games are amazing . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the picture quality is impressive . the exclusives are so great . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i could immediately see the difference with games . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing and life like . the graphics are amazing . it has more efficient online gaming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv .####the wifi is definitely better . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphics are amazing and life like . the performance enhancements made this worth . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####games look better . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the games can be played in 4k . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has fast , great graphics . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the extra space is a huge plus . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####the picture quality is impressive . the image quality is amazing . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . the games load up fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the addition of 4k capability is great . the games in 4k looks better . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . it has best picture and framerate . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####games look better . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the image quality is amazing . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the system is quicker . the fan is not that loud . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are stunning . i could immediately see the difference with games . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are pretty amazing . it is not a 4k bluray player . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i already had the original ps4 and it was running perfectly fine but i have a 4k tv and have been really wanting products that can use that technology and there have been really good reviews on the pro . it is also really nice having more hard drive space as well considering 500 gb just isnt enough when they take up a considerable amount for the system hardware and stuff not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####graphics are much nicer . the console runs faster and smoother . it is nice to have more hard drive space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it lacks the 4k bluray . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it has best picture and framerate . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the wifi is definitely better . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the games run smoother . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased this item on black friday and received it with an hdmi cable that was not working . needless to say , it was scary setting everything up and not seeing anything show up on the tv . when the hdmi cable was changed , we breathed a sigh of relief that we did not receive a completely faulty console . aside from the faulty cable , it has been operating fine so far . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the hdmi cable is not working . after changing , everything operates fine . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i bought this for something to do when i spend long periods of time away from home for my job , and i am blown away ! not only are the games great , but i can shuffle through my netflix , and prime tv all from my hotels free wifi . so glad i bought this , it gets used every day almost if not for games for its other ps exclusive abilities . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusives are so great . the games are great . i can watch netflix from free wifi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a 75 '' qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice . games look better and the new system is faster . i can not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr ultra hd movies and the xbox x does . it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####games look better . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . it has best picture and framerate . however , it does not play hdr or ultra hd movies . the new system is faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro , and have really enjoyed my experience . ps4 pro 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k tv , and i can tell a difference between regular , and pro albeit not a tremendous amount . if i have one con , it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k bluray discs . overall , i highly recommend this product for any true gamer .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k capabilities are incredible . it does not play 4k bluray discs . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####4k gaming is also good . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! graphics are much nicer . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the picture is amazing . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the graphics are amazing and life like . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . graphics are lifelike . the new ps4 has way better performance . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there is a difference in graphics . the picture is great with my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is not a 4k bluray player . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the picture quality is impressive . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the games load up fast . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this is the very first playstation i have ever owned . this is a very solid console . the graphics power has been upgraded and you can definitely tell the better contrast in colors as well as the brightness in certain game scenes . i would definitely recommend this console to anyone that is either an occasional gamer or a hardcore gamer . at times it does get loud and pretty hot but just keep the console in an open area and you should be fine .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics is upgraded . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . uhd 4k is great . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles , they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast . great system . but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it does not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the 4k quality is amazing . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it has plenty storage . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics are stunning . graphics are much nicer . the performance is excellent ! larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the 4k games are incredible . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the 4k games are incredible . the smoothness in gameplay is big . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####4k gaming is also good . it has near 4k graphics . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . visuals are stunning . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are unreal . the exclusives are so great . it does not play 4k movies . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the additional capacity is great . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance enhancements made this worth . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####there is no fps drops . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . games look and play fantastic . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! it looks great on my 4k tv . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are pretty amazing . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the games can be played in 4k . the exclusives are so great . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the quality of the video graphics is great . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is a difference in graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . the exclusives are great . it is extra fast . power is efficient . there is no lags . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the wifi is definitely better . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the graphics are noticeably superior . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the menus and games are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the speed is amazing . the quality of the product is amazing . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the 4k games are incredible . hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . games run smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . many games improves . it does not come with a native 4k player . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . pictures are great on 4k tvs . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####graphics are fantastic . it has best picture and framerate . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the download speed are faster as well . graphics and framerate are top notch . graphics is impressive . it has faster processing power and load times . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics are great . graphics and framerate are top notch . the console runs faster and smoother . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the resolution boosts . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k gaming experience is good . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . load time was a lot quicker . the fan is a bit loud . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the image quality is amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . load time was a lot quicker . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusives are so great . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####vr capabilities really are state of the art . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the system runs perfectly . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are better . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv . this console did not disappoint at all . there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####there are noticeable differences in games between the 2 consoles . the exclusives are great . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the loading time is improved . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . multitasking is impressive . the extra storage is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the resolution boosts . the exclusives are so great . 4k gaming experience is good . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####the 4k support looks great . it has best picture and framerate . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i would been waiting quite some time to get this , for many reasons , but i am extremely glad i finally pulled the trigger on this decision . the quality of play is 10x better than i would dreamed ( i am a pc gamer mostly and the lack of lag so far is amazing ) plus i am a sucker for the final fantasy series , so it was a win win . plus a bluray player ? worth the buy . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has best picture and framerate . the quality of play is better and the lack of lag is amazing . there is a bluray player .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####the quality of the video graphics is great . games look great and controllers are nice . the extra space is a huge plus . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it does not play games in true 4k . there is a difference in graphics . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it is not a 4k bluray player . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####graphics are fantastic . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the exclusives are so great . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the wifi is definitely better . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the graphics are amazing . there is a difference in graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . it is not a 4k bluray player . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . visuals are stunning . there is no noise during gameplay . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . it is not a 4k bluray player . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the games have been great so far . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####graphics are lifelike . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####games look better . graphics are lifelike . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####uhd 4k is great . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are sweet . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the extra space is wonderful . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####it does not support 4k bluray discs . it supports 4k and hdr video . the bluray is really good . system works great . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . for a game system that prides its self for being the best at entertainment and gaming . and says it provides the best gaming and entertainment out there . i believe they should live to all standards and that would be includeding playing 4k disc . good news after you already spent $ 400 on the ps4 pro you can spend anther $ 100 on the 4k disc player sony sells . do not buy the ps4 pro is your looking to play 4k disc####the 4k output is gorgeous . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . do not buy the ps4 pro if you are looking to play 4k disc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####there is no fps drops . the system looks better on our 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . there is no noise during gameplay . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows .####however , there may be a wifi issue . there is a difference in graphics . graphics are lifelike . it is not a 4k bluray player . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the picture quality is impressive . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the games load up fast . the system is quicker with loading . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####many games improves . the 4k was awesome ! the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the image quality is amazing . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . the system is quicker . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . ps4 pro is amazing . the exclusive games are good . it is extra fast . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . the graphics are amazing . the graphics is amazing . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####the exclusives are so great . this does not lag on games . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has best picture and framerate . games look pretty good . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is no fps drops . the graphics are great . ps4 pro is amazing . games look and play fantastic . it is extra fast . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####graphics are lifelike . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it can produce amazing graphics . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . this console has plenty of space . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####the quality of the video graphics is great . there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are great . it is not a 4k bluray player . the system could not play my 4k movies . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the 4k games are incredible . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####there is a difference in graphics . the games have been great so far . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . power is efficient . there is no lags . it is a sleek system with good visuals . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are much nicer . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . ps4 has great exclusives . i could immediately see the difference with games . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . there is a difference in graphics . the gaming quality has a huge difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the graphics are amazing . the addition of 4k capability is great . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are amazing . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me , i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade ! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4 ! it has wonderful apps , is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console ! i am excited to continue to use and love it !####it has best picture and framerate . it made a difference in performance and graphics i am happy with the performance of the ps4 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####uhd 4k is great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it made a difference in performance and graphics the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . graphics and framerate are top notch . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . the exclusives are so great . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are better and faster . the picture quality are astounding . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . graphics are much nicer . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the graphics are clearer . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . i love the performance of my pro . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . uhd 4k is great . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it has best picture and framerate . performance of ps4 is too good . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro .####it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . games run smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####hdr games are spectacular . it has best picture and framerate . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics are better . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . gameplay and menus are smoother . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the wifi is definitely better . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####there is a difference in graphics . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it is not a 4k bluray player . it has great performance , and is much faster . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it does not come with a native 4k player . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the fan is much quieter . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the graphics are stunning . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the performance is excellent ! performance of ps4 is too good . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . well daughter has been trying to get this for sometime now to play fortnite i on the other hand wanted a 4k movie player . do not be fooled as i was this will not player 4k ultra discs . not sony fault my fault did not read features well enough to see that it only streams 4k and gaming in 4k . daughter happy but not a two for one this christmas####the resolution boosts . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k gaming experience is good . this does not play 4k ultra discs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics are better and faster . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the addition of 4k capability is great . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the image quality is amazing . the graphics are clearer . the games have faster framerate . the system is quicker . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are stunning . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been an xbox guy ever since the original came out . and , while i still love my xbox one x , there is something crisper about how the ps4 pro renders games and the exclusives are far more interesting . spiderman comes to life on the pro and god of war is absolutely stunning . i had purchased the original ps4 upon release , but the pro feels like a different console altogether . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the ps4 pro renders games crispier . it has fast , great graphics . the exclusives are far more interesting . the size of the updates are huge . i could immediately see the difference with games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphics are amazing . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the system is really quiet . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the download speed are faster as well . it has best picture and framerate . load time was a lot quicker . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the picture is amazing . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . you can do all kinds of things . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is one of the best systems i have ever played . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the graphics are amazing . i love the performance of my pro . the system is really quiet . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the wifi is definitely better . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the 4k support looks great . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the 4k games are incredible . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture is amazing with my tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . there is no uhd player .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are stunning . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the heating and noise comments are true . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the 4k output is gorgeous . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the download speed are faster as well . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . load time was a lot quicker . it has faster processing power and load times . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####graphics are better . ps4 pro is amazing . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is extra fast . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####graphics are better and faster . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics is amazing . the exclusive games are amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . it has fast , great graphics . the picture is amazing . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven !####it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics is amazing . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . performance of ps4 is too good . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the resolution boosts . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . 4k gaming experience is good . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it change the quality of all games . the exclusives are so great . the larger hard drive is worth it . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . all i can say is there is a huge difference . between a ps4 and ps4 pro . graphics , game play ! processor speed alone and hard drive space helps ! must buy ! do not spend your money on a ps4 unless it is the ps4 pro ! newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers .####the processor speed helps . the hard drive space helps ! it has more storage . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . there is a huge difference between ps4 and ps4 pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the graphics are amazing and life like . load times take longer . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . it has near 4k graphics . the graphics are unreal . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the graphics are amazing and life like . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it has more efficient online gaming . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####i love the amazing graphics . the games that supports 4k is astounding . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the enhanced graphics are great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it has great performance , and is much faster . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the exclusives are great . this does not lag on games . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . ps4 pro is amazing . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! it is extra fast . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are amazing . the graphics are clearer . the system is really quiet . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . processor is faster . it made a difference in performance and graphics hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr .####there is no fps drops . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . games look and play fantastic . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics is amazing . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price .####this pro model has significant game load improvements . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do notice the improvement from the standard ps4 . faster loading better graphics when a game has pro support for 2d and vr gaming . main problem is getting the 4k to display on my tv . took about 3 hours of searching online and restarting my ps4 in safe mode many many times before i actually got it work , but let me tell you that once i did get it to work the improvement was definitely noticeable . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics and vr are better . it has best picture and framerate . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . graphics is very very good . games run better and menus are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####resolution is great . games look great and controllers are nice . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video .####it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again !####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . uhd 4k is great . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the graphics are amazing and life like . the resolution boosts . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . 4k gaming experience is good . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k support looks great . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it had no issues . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . games look great and controllers are nice . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the console runs faster and smoother . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . load times are faster . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####the wifi is definitely better . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the exclusives are so great . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one .####it does not support 4k bluray discs . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . system works great . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it has best picture and framerate . resolution is great . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . graphics and framerate are top notch . this does not lag on games . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . vr capabilities really are state of the art . i could immediately see the difference with games . the system runs perfectly . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . the system is quicker with loading . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the 4k output is gorgeous . processor is faster . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics are great . the graphics are pretty amazing . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it can produce amazing graphics . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it lacks the 4k bluray . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it is worth it . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####graphics are enhanced for games . the graphics are amazing and life like . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . uhd 4k is great . load times are faster . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had this for about a month now . i upgraded from a launch day ps4 and this system is much quieter and does not get as warm as my old ps4 did . games also play much better . god of war was so much smoother on this system over my old one . i would recommend this even if you do not have 4k just for the improvement in gameplay . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games are much better . games look great and controllers are nice . it is much quieter . it does not get too warm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the wifi is definitely better . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the fan is much quieter . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics is amazing . the exclusives are so great . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also####the 4k games are incredible . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is an awesome and very powerful console ! i had a new 4k tv , so it made sense for me to spend the extra money on the pro model . i do not regret the extra cost at all . the graphics are beautiful and loading times are very fast . if you already have a ps4 , i would not upgrade . i would wait it out for the future console that playstation puts out .####the image quality is amazing . the graphics are beautiful . the system is quicker . loading times are very fast . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the image quality is amazing . the 4k was awesome ! i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . the system is quicker . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####it looks great on my 4k tv . this does not lag on games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the fan is super loud ! it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my launch ps4 recently began showing signs of slow down . so , i went out and upgraded to ps4 pro . the unit is quicker with load times and just seems to move through menus seamlessly without hesitation . have not noticed a big difference in graphical quality yet . if your original unit still runs fine , there is no need to upgrade . but , if this is your first system , definitely go for the pro . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####i did not noticed a big difference in graphical quality . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the unit is quicker with load times and menus are seamless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the image quality is amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####the wifi is definitely better . the 4k output is gorgeous . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . load times are faster . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . it has fast , great graphics . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####many games improves . the enhanced graphics are great . the exclusives are so great . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the extra space is a huge plus . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####there is no fps drops . it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games look and play fantastic . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are lifelike . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the graphics are pretty amazing . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####the 4k output is gorgeous . performance and graphics are great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it is great with a hdr screen . the gaming quality has a huge difference . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####the graphics are amazing . the exclusive games are good . this does not lag on games . the system is really quiet . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the graphics are noticeably superior . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . there is a difference in performance . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . the games run smoother . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k quality is amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has plenty storage .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the 4k is great on my big screen . the enhanced graphics are great . it does not come with a native 4k player . the storage is great for all my games . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i am an xbox guy generally , but finally decided to buy a ps4 pro to take advantage of my new 4k tv and play the ps4 exclusives . i still prefer the xbox one x overall , but i am surprised at how much i like the ps4 pro , and the games are amazing , i am loving horizon zero dawn . dashboard feels very fast and lightweight compared to the resource heavy dashboard on the xbox .####it has best picture and framerate . the games of ps4 pro are amazing ! it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####i love the amazing graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so !####the menus and games are amazing . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . the speed is amazing . there is noticeable performance improvements . the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox .####the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been an xbox guy ever since the original came out . and , while i still love my xbox one x , there is something crisper about how the ps4 pro renders games and the exclusives are far more interesting . spiderman comes to life on the pro and god of war is absolutely stunning . i had purchased the original ps4 upon release , but the pro feels like a different console altogether . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the ps4 pro renders games crispier . the exclusives are far more interesting . i could immediately see the difference with games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it looks great on my 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the image quality is amazing . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the system is quicker . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####it is the hdr that makes this shine . it has best picture and framerate . sony has the best exclusive games and content . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the exclusives are so great . the graphics and speed are amazing . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####it produces fantastic graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the gameplay is seamless . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality !####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the one tb storage is great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####uhd 4k is great . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####i love the amazing graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . many games improves . the exclusives are so great . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####games look better . hdr games are spectacular . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . my fan is dead quiet . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . the graphics is amazing . the system is really quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the wifi is definitely better . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it is great with a hdr screen . the exclusives are so great . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . many games improves . the bluray player is not a 4k . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it can produce amazing graphics . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . well daughter has been trying to get this for sometime now to play fortnite i on the other hand wanted a 4k movie player . do not be fooled as i was this will not player 4k ultra discs . not sony fault my fault did not read features well enough to see that it only streams 4k and gaming in 4k . daughter happy but not a two for one this christmas####graphics are better and faster . this does not play 4k ultra discs . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . there is no 4k bluray player . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . graphics and framerate are top notch . the gaming quality has a huge difference . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####graphics are lifelike . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics is amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are pretty amazing . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . it has great graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the wifi is definitely better . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the hd quality is better than any device i have . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####uhd 4k is great . graphics are enhanced for games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is a difference in performance . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console is one of the best on the market today . ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr . you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work . i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform . five stars out of five stars for me . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this is a great consolel that does hdr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####games look better . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim####games look better . the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####there is a difference in graphics . the 4k was awesome ! it is not a 4k bluray player . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it has better graphics . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original ps4 and tv got struck by lightning so i decided to upgrade to a 4k tv and ps4 pro . not a huge difference for all ps4 games , but certain games do look much better on the ps4 pro such as horizon : zero dawn and rise of the tomb raider . would recommend if you are buying a ps4 for the first time , but i would not recommend if you already own the original . its not that big of an upgrade . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . certain games do look much better on the ps4 pro . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it is super fast . it has a huge space . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####there is a difference in graphics . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . power is efficient . there is no lags . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this system is worse in some ways than the xbox one but not as buggy . one thing that sucks is you can not search the whole market in the system for like a movie to see if it is available on hulu or netflix or whatever . it just gives you results to buy or rent it from the online store . games play a little smoother than the ps4 slim my gf has but i dont notice it too much . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games are a little smoother than the ps4 slim but i do not notice it too much . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics are lifelike . resolution is great . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is a difference in graphics . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it is extra fast . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well finally i have a system that will utilize the 4k native resolution . and when the games are given the patch for it , it is worth every penny spent on the system . amazing and better processing power . plus the graphics boost during the vr experiences makes this the go to system . if you have your old ps4 system you will also get trade in value for the system . this will knock the price down . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####visuals are stunning . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . graphics boost during vr experiences . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the processing power is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the graphics look amazing . the games look significantly better . there is a difference when playing games . menus are fast . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####there is no 4k bluray . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics is impressive . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the performance is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . it has great performance , and is much faster . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the graphics are stunning . the graphics are clearer . the performance is excellent ! the system loads faster . the extra space is a huge plus . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are pretty amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the screen flickers and then turns black . graphics are lifelike . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####graphics are fantastic . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . games run smoother . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####games look better . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####downloads seem faster . the graphics are amazing and life like . the games feel smoother . this does not lag on games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . there is no 4k bluray player . it has great performance , and is much faster . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the picture is amazing . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics look amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . there is a difference when playing games . the exclusive games are good . it is extra fast . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the bluray is really good . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv .####the 4k games are incredible . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the graphics are amazing and life like . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####i could immediately see the difference with games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the enhanced graphics are great . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this console is faster , smoother and the high functionality on the graphics end is super incredible . i own a 4k tv so i needed this upgrade and transferring from the original ps4 to the ps4 pro has never been easier . the game imageries are stunning especially with horizon zero dawn.forget vr because you feel like you are actually in the moment with the character . downloads are faster and 1 tb storage is obviously a huge plus . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####downloads are faster . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the game imageries are stunning . graphics are lifelike . the 1 tb storage is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####downloads seem faster . graphics are lifelike . the games feel smoother . sony has the best exclusive games and content .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics is amazing . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the 4k support looks great . the exclusives are so great . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the quality of the video graphics is great . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the wifi is definitely better . the screen flickers and then turns black . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####i notice very little difference in graphics . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are enhanced for games . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the visuals are stunning . the exclusive games are amazing . i can stream most video files .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are pretty amazing . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased the pro about a year after i purchased the original ps4 . i game on a 1080p screen so i was really just looking to increase performance and framerate which it has done fairly well . seems to be a lot quieter and load times have improved on older games with the latest firmware update . not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are better . it seems to be quieter and load times have improved . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the 4k games are incredible . it has more efficient online gaming . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the 4k output is gorgeous . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it has great performance , and is much faster . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored .####it can produce amazing graphics . the 4k output is gorgeous . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox .####the games have been great so far . the exclusives are great . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the 4k support is great . it does not come with a native 4k player . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . the exclusive games are good . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . games look great and controllers are nice . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 .####the 4k games are incredible . the visuals are stunning . there is no uhd player . i can stream most video files .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers .####the 4k games are incredible . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy . it has more storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big####the wifi is definitely better . i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . 4k gaming is also good . the extra hard drive space is good . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . it does not come with a native 4k player . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the download speed are faster as well . 4k and hdr games look great . the graphics is amazing . it has faster processing power and load times . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####the 4k games are incredible . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####games are better in resolution . the 4k games are incredible . the 4k support looks great . performance is better . games run smoothes . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it can produce amazing graphics . graphics are much nicer . the graphics are amazing . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it has fast , great graphics . graphics are much nicer . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it can produce amazing graphics . the 4k capabilities are terrific . this console has plenty of space . the memory are upgraded . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it does not come with a native 4k player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####graphics are lifelike . the 4k was awesome ! it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are much nicer . games run smoother . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####the addition of 4k capability is great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . ps4 pro is amazing . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it is extra fast . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the vr was easy to use . games look great and controllers are nice . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####the 4k games are incredible . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference . the quality is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me , i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade ! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4 ! it has wonderful apps , is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console ! i am excited to continue to use and love it !####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . i am happy with the performance of the ps4 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it change the quality of all games . i could immediately see the difference with games . load time was a lot quicker . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the graphics are amazing . graphics are much nicer . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the graphics look amazing . the games can be played in 4k . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . there is a difference when playing games . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are unreal . the exclusives are so great . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . games run smoother . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the fan is much quieter . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the performance of vr is awesome . games look great and controllers are nice . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! there is a performance increase , especially while using vr . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####many games improves . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the download speed are faster as well . the picture quality is impressive . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the games load up fast . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####4k gaming is also good . the extra hard drive space is good . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles , they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast . great system . but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the picture quality is impressive . it has best picture and framerate . it does not play 4k movies . the games load up fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . games look great and controllers are nice . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are better and faster . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the hd quality is better than any device i have . the graphics are amazing . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphics are clearer . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this to go with my new 4k tv . the quality is slightly better than the regular ps4 in my opinion . the games i have been playing however were not made with the 4k and the ps4 pro is upscaling it . i am not sure it is worth to spend the extra until more games will use the 4k . other than that the system is running great and seems quicker then the previous model as well . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the quality is better . the 4k games are incredible . i could immediately see the difference with games . the system runs quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####visuals are stunning . 4k and hdr games look great . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the picture quality is impressive . the 4k games are incredible . the games load up fast . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv . this console did not disappoint at all . there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so !####there are noticeable differences in games between the 2 consoles . the games that supports 4k is astounding . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . the loading time is improved . there is noticeable performance improvements . the extra storage is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the games look significantly better . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . menus are fast . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . ps4 has great exclusives . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the wifi is definitely better . my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . graphics is very very good . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . i love the performance of my pro . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the wifi is definitely better . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are unreal . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . there is no noise during gameplay . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the games have been great so far . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it is a sleek system with good visuals . multitasking is impressive . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . it is extra fast . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the menus and games are amazing . the exclusive games are amazing . the games have been great so far . the speed is amazing . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! graphics are lifelike . i love the performance of my pro . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics are fantastic . ps4 pro is amazing . it has near 4k graphics . it is extra fast . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the image quality is amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the system runs perfectly . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics are better and faster . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has fast , great graphics . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the exclusive games are amazing . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it can produce amazing graphics . the games look significantly better . it is great with a hdr screen . menus are fast . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it is extra fast . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####there is no fps drops . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . games look and play fantastic . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the addition of 4k capability is great . 4k gaming is also good . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the visuals are stunning . graphics are much nicer . it has more efficient online gaming . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the exclusives are so great . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####games look awesome on my 4k tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . it has great performance , and is much faster . load times take longer . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the 4k was awesome ! i really appreciate the one tb storage . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . i really appreciate the one tb storage . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . i could immediately see the difference with games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are better . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are amazing . there is no uhd player . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is really quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the wifi is definitely better . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####it has great graphics . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . it is super fast . it has a huge space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####there is no fps drops . the 4k quality is amazing . games look and play fantastic . it has plenty storage . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####it has great graphics . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . graphics are lifelike . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate .####there are extra usb ports . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k games are incredible . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics are lifelike . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it supports 4k and hdr video . it does not come with a native 4k player . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it has fast , great graphics . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . the exclusive games are amazing . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the 4k games are incredible . many games improves . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . the extra space is a huge plus . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####performance and graphics are great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the 4k games are incredible . the games run smoother . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . games look great and controllers are nice . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####the wifi is definitely better . the fan is much quieter . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . ps4 pro is amazing . the performance of vr is awesome . it is extra fast . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . games look better . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####downloads seem faster . performance and graphics are great . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games feel smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the gaming quality has a huge difference . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####you can do all kinds of things . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the bluray player is not a 4k . it does not come with a native 4k player . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro , and have really enjoyed my experience . ps4 pro 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k tv , and i can tell a difference between regular , and pro albeit not a tremendous amount . if i have one con , it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k bluray discs . overall , i highly recommend this product for any true gamer .####graphics look great and more detailed now . 4k capabilities are incredible . it lacks the 4k bluray . it does not play 4k bluray discs . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####there is a difference in graphics . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . power is efficient . there is no lags . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . it has best picture and framerate . load times take longer . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it has best picture and framerate . ps4 pro is amazing . the graphics are unreal . it is extra fast . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####graphics are much nicer . the scaling to 4k is great . the exclusives are so great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####graphics are much nicer . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the exclusives are so great . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show .####the screen flickers and then turns black . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####graphics are lifelike . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is a difference in performance . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has decent graphics . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it has better graphics and framerate . graphics are much nicer . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear####my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the new ps4 has way better performance . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . i could immediately see the difference with games . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored .####there is no fps drops . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . games look and play fantastic . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are amazing and life like . the bluray player is not a 4k . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the 4k games are incredible . graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####it has great graphics . the addition of 4k capability is great . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are unreal . you can do all kinds of things . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the 4k games are incredible . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system####it can produce amazing graphics . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it can not connect to the internet . graphics are lifelike . the exclusives are so great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####the graphics and speed are amazing ! it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the exclusives are so great . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####graphics are better . the games look significantly better . the exclusive games are good . gameplay and menus are smoother . menus are fast . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the 4k quality is amazing . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . there is no noise during gameplay . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####graphics are much nicer . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . games run smoother . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles , they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast . great system . but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games can be played in 4k . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it does not play 4k movies . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . processor is faster . the system is quicker with loading . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the enhanced graphics are great . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the additional capacity is great . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####uhd 4k is great . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i bought this as a christmas gift for my fiance , he absolutely loves it ! i love the hd quality that it has when watching movies and playing video games ! it is the best gaming consule ever ! my fiance loves the online capabilities and that he can play with his friends even if they are not close by ! so glad i upgraded and bought the pro ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . i love the hd quality when watching movies and playing video games ! the graphics are amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k is great on my big screen . it has best picture and framerate . the storage is great for all my games . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it is great with a hdr screen . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the wifi is definitely better . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . there is a difference in graphics . it is not a 4k bluray player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it made a difference in performance and graphics the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it is extra fast . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are sweet . the extra space is wonderful . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics look amazing . pictures are great on 4k tvs . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is a difference when playing games . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the graphics are amazing . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i love the performance of my pro . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are stunning . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has better graphics and framerate . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the 4k games are incredible . it has fast , great graphics . visuals are stunning . the size of the updates are huge . the wide variety of titles is second to none . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . the console runs faster and smoother . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####resolution is great . it made a difference in performance and graphics it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are noticeably superior . it has near 4k graphics . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the wifi is definitely better . it has great graphics . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it has great performance , and is much faster . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games look significantly better . the 4k support is great . menus are fast . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it made a difference in performance and graphics it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####4k gaming is also good . graphics is very very good . the exclusives are so great . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####the graphics are stunning . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance is excellent ! only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it does not play games in true 4k . it has better graphics and framerate . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the graphics and speed are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the enhanced graphics are great . the graphics are better . the bluray player is not a 4k . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics is very very good . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it does not play games in true 4k . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . my games have significant improvements . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####graphics are lifelike . 4k gaming is also good . the extra hard drive space is good . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles , they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast . great system . but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player .####it does not play games in true 4k . it does not play 4k movies . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####graphics are enhanced for games . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . i could immediately see the difference with games . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not )####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also####it does not support 4k bluray discs . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . system works great . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the exclusive games are good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the fan is super loud ! the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the faster processor makes terrific graphics . the console runs faster and smoother . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . it has best picture and framerate . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . it is a superior gaming machine . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics and framerate are top notch . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the picture quality on games is amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####the graphics are great . the system could not play my 4k movies . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the wifi is definitely better . the picture quality is impressive . the image quality is amazing . the games load up fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . it has best picture and framerate . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the bluray is really good . the fan is much quieter . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the hd quality is better than any device i have . it does not come with a native 4k player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . pictures are great on 4k tvs . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####it made a difference in performance and graphics the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing ! if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . games looks and plays great . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i already had the original ps4 and it was running perfectly fine but i have a 4k tv and have been really wanting products that can use that technology and there have been really good reviews on the pro . it is also really nice having more hard drive space as well considering 500 gb just isnt enough when they take up a considerable amount for the system hardware and stuff i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####i could immediately see the difference with games . it is nice to have more hard drive space . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are amazing and life like . resolution is great . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it has best picture and framerate . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the games look significantly better . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . menus are fast . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the 4k games are incredible . the bluray is really good . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####there is a difference in graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this to go with my new 4k tv . the quality is slightly better than the regular ps4 in my opinion . the games i have been playing however were not made with the 4k and the ps4 pro is upscaling it . i am not sure it is worth to spend the extra until more games will use the 4k . other than that the system is running great and seems quicker then the previous model as well . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the quality is better . it has best picture and framerate . the system runs quicker . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####performance and graphics are great . the exclusives are so great . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are amazing and life like . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the heating and noise comments are true . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . load time was a lot quicker . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the exclusives are so great . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . there is a difference in graphics . the bluray player is not a 4k . it is not a 4k bluray player . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####it looks great on my 4k tv . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . the exclusives are so great . there is a difference in performance . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro about a year after i purchased the original ps4 . i game on a 1080p screen so i was really just looking to increase performance and framerate which it has done fairly well . seems to be a lot quieter and load times have improved on older games with the latest firmware update . not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it seems to be quieter and load times have improved . it made a difference in performance and graphics it is not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####graphics are lifelike . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the picture is great with my 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . load time was a lot quicker . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the 4k games are incredible . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! graphics are better and faster . i could immediately see the difference with games . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the console runs faster and smoother . it has tons of memory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this item on black friday and received it with an hdmi cable that was not working . needless to say , it was scary setting everything up and not seeing anything show up on the tv . when the hdmi cable was changed , we breathed a sigh of relief that we did not receive a completely faulty console . aside from the faulty cable , it has been operating fine so far . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the hdmi cable is not working . after changing , everything operates fine . graphics are lifelike . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####downloads seem faster . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the games feel smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . well daughter has been trying to get this for sometime now to play fortnite i on the other hand wanted a 4k movie player . do not be fooled as i was this will not player 4k ultra discs . not sony fault my fault did not read features well enough to see that it only streams 4k and gaming in 4k . daughter happy but not a two for one this christmas####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . this does not play 4k ultra discs . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . the console runs faster and smoother . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the gaming quality has a huge difference . games look amazing . they run very smooth . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####it change the quality of all games . the exclusive games are amazing . the larger hard drive is worth it . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the graphics look amazing . the graphics are stunning . there is a difference when playing games . i could immediately see the difference with games . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####there is a difference in graphics . uhd 4k is great . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####it does not play games in true 4k . the 4k games are incredible . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the games that supports 4k is astounding . there is no noise during gameplay . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i have just been playing on my ps3 until now . this is such an awesome improvement . i can not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4 , but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming , 1 tb storage , non-pita background downloads , and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho . game play is excellent as always .####the graphics are amazing and life like . graphics and user interface are better . the additional capacity is great . 1 tb hard drive is also good . live game streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . this is the second plantation 4 pro that i have purchased and have yet to have any issues with the system . the 1 tb memory helps with having up to 12 games on your system depending on how big the games data is . the 4k aspect is only for games so thats one thing to keep in mind , but on a 4k tv the games look amazing and well worth the buy . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great !####the games on 4k tv looks amazing . the quality of the video graphics is great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the 1 tb memory is helpful . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are unreal . it supports 4k and hdr video . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the wifi is definitely better . the picture is amazing . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it lacks the 4k bluray . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . i could immediately see the difference with games . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it supports 4k and hdr video . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the bluray player is not a 4k . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####the graphics are impressive . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it looks great on my 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics is very very good . there is no noise during gameplay . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . games look great and controllers are nice . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####i could immediately see the difference with games . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase .####the 4k games are incredible . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####games look better . the games have been great so far . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one .####the exclusives are so great . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the graphics are great . there is a difference in graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it is not a 4k bluray player . it does not come with a native 4k player . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####graphics are fantastic . the exclusives are so great . i could immediately see the difference with games . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####downloads seem faster . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . the games feel smoother . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! as advertised , the pro enhances graphics and pushes games to the limit in brilliant 4k . many games run in non-native 4k but the uhd jump makes all the difference still . old games are getting 4k graphical updates and many remasters truly shine on the pro . some games are being created to take advantage of graphics with different modes to enhance your area of choice . absolutely loving the additional bells and whistles , so if you have a 4k tv and can justify the upgrade , do it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the pro enhances graphics and pushes games to the limit in brilliant 4k . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####graphics are lifelike . the image quality is amazing . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games look great and controllers are nice . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####it has fast , great graphics . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the size of the updates are huge . there is no noise during gameplay . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####graphics are much nicer . the console runs faster and smoother . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . visuals are stunning . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony !####the wifi is definitely better . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . load times are faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . i could immediately see the difference with games . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is a difference in graphics . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . power is efficient . there is no lags . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the games run smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games . the loading times are faster . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . it is the hdr that makes this shine . games look great and controllers are nice . load times take longer . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####the quality of the video graphics is great . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too playstation has lived up to it is reputation for delivering a great product with the stylish features all the classic systems never had . this system is still a better upgrade from the slim . the downloads are way faster for the updates and the online purchased games . i also do not think i will run out of space for games in a good while .####the downloads are faster . the extra space is a huge plus . i will not run out of space for a while . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . this system is a better upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the picture quality on games is amazing . it change the quality of all games . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are great . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it is not a 4k bluray player . the system could not play my 4k movies . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the additional capacity is great . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the addition of 4k capability is great . the games can be played in 4k . i could immediately see the difference with games . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . it has faster processing power and load times . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again !####uhd 4k is great . the one tb storage is great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . games look pretty good . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . games look better . graphics are better . playing games with this system is enjoyable . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are stunning . the graphics are clearer . the games load up fast . the performance is excellent ! the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i really appreciate the one tb storage . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the graphics is amazing . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####graphics are lifelike . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the bluray is really good . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player .####there is no fps drops . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there is a difference in graphics . games look and play fantastic . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the menus and games are amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the exclusive games are good . the speed is amazing . the system runs perfectly . the fan is super loud ! the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are great . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the system could not play my 4k movies . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the heating and noise comments are true . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing ! if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the graphics are amazing and life like . the 4k was awesome ! it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####graphics are lifelike . the fan is much quieter . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the graphics are stunning . 4k gaming is also good . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the performance is excellent ! the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . performance and graphics are great . the bluray player is not a 4k . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the wifi is definitely better . the 4k games are incredible . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####there is a difference in graphics . the exclusive games are amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the image quality is amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) .####there is no fps drops . this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . games look and play fantastic . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the resolution boosts . graphics is impressive . 4k gaming experience is good . the performance is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the wifi is definitely better . it can not connect to the internet . the download speed are faster as well . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games run smoother . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the enhanced graphics are great . the exclusives are so great . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are pretty amazing . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####graphics are much nicer . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the graphics are amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the addition of 4k capability is great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####there is a difference in graphics . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system is quicker with loading . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . while it may be difficult to justify upgrading from a standard ps4 to the pro i believe the visual upgrades are noticeable enough to consider trading up . both games benefited significantly following patches to take advantage of the extra power . a 4k bluray player would have made this a 5 star for sure . also think sony should have considered upping the specs more given that scorpio coming out 2017 such a major upgrade from original xbox one .####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the visual upgrades are noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####sony has the best exclusive games and content . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . the console runs faster and smoother . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . it does not come with a native 4k player . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are stunning . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so !####for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the hard drive was mal functioning . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the 4k games are incredible . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it made a difference in performance and graphics this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####there is a difference in graphics . games look better . the graphics are pretty amazing . it is not a 4k bluray player . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture quality is impressive . the games load up fast . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####uhd 4k is great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! buttery smoove interface , havent seen a hiccup yet . it takes everything i throw at it . i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful ! anyway , if you have a ps4 already , it may not be a huge upgrade to you.unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics ( which is why i chose this one as well ) i am loving it !####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! you get gorgeous graphics if you have a 4k tv . i love the performance of my pro . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it may not be a huge upgrade if you have a ps4 already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the scaling to 4k is great . vr capabilities really are state of the art . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the selections of games are a bonus . the system runs perfectly . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are nice , too . graphics are much nicer . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the enhanced graphics are great . 4k gaming is also good . the hard drive space is a plus . the extra hard drive space is good . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the addition of 4k capability is great . the 4k was awesome ! the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####there is no fps drops . the system looks better on our 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . there is no noise during gameplay . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####games looks and plays great . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####graphics are lifelike . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics are great . graphics are much nicer . the system could not play my 4k movies . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential .####the wifi is definitely better . the games run smoother . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . it does not come with a native 4k player . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . this does not lag on games . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the exclusives are so great . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the wifi is definitely better . ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####visuals are stunning . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not have a 4k bluray player . system works great . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the 4k support is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####there is a difference in graphics . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it change the quality of all games . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the 4k support looks great . the exclusives are so great . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics are nice , too . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are great . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it change the quality of all games . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4. not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####games look so much better . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . the console runs faster and smoother . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####there is no fps drops . the 4k capabilities are terrific . games look and play fantastic . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv . this console did not disappoint at all . there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####there are noticeable differences in games between the 2 consoles . this does not lag on games . the loading time is improved . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the extra storage is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####it produces fantastic graphics . the exclusives are so great . the gameplay is seamless . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####it looks great on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . games run smoother . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics look amazing . the graphics are better . the graphics are amazing . there is a difference when playing games . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . it has great graphics . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####games are better in resolution . games run smoother . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####the wifi is definitely better . there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are stunning . it does not come with a native 4k player . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the exclusives are so great . it made a difference in performance and graphics the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the picture is amazing . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me .####the graphics look amazing . graphics are lifelike . sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . there is a difference when playing games . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it does not play 4k movies . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the exclusives are so great . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i love the performance of my pro . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not )####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is great with a hdr screen . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####however , there may be a wifi issue . the 4k games are incredible . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k output is gorgeous . games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years .####there is no fps drops . i love the amazing graphics . games look and play fantastic . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . 4k gaming is also good . the fan is not that loud . the extra space is a huge plus . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####visuals are stunning . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . the wide variety of titles is second to none . there is noticeable performance improvements . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust . one thing for sure though , games do run much smoother . some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference . ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro . my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3 . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . games do run much smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is great . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . games look great and controllers are nice . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the exclusives are so great . load time was a lot quicker . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the picture is amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####the wifi is definitely better . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the gaming quality has a huge difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the 4k games are incredible . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it has best picture and framerate . it has decent graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . it has great gameplay . it is extra fast . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase .####you can do all kinds of things . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####downloads seem faster . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the games feel smoother . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i love the performance of my pro . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are nice , too . it does not come with a native 4k player . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the picture is amazing with my tv . it has best picture and framerate . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the graphics are great . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the system could not play my 4k movies . there is no 4k bluray player . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####the menus and games are amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the speed is amazing . the quality of the product is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it change the quality of all games . you can do all kinds of things . the larger hard drive is worth it . it is one of the best systems i have ever played . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the clarity of the ps4 pro is amazing . we had the first generation ps4 so we decided to up grade my hubby system to the pro . at first he was upset with his bday surprise knowing we already had one , but the clarity and strength inside the pro has long since won him over . i think the dent in the couches are worth seeing the man that takes care of everyone enjoy his gift . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the clarity of the ps4 pro is amazing . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####games look better . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the 4k was awesome ! the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####games look better . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the games have been great so far . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it made a difference in performance and graphics my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####it has great graphics . the quality of the video graphics is great . the bluray is really good . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####the picture quality is impressive . the addition of 4k capability is great . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . many games improves . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it does not play games in true 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the extra space is a huge plus . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####games are better in resolution . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . ps4 pro is amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it is extra fast . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####uhd 4k is great . the extra space is a huge plus . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage .####the menus and games are amazing . the speed is amazing . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference . the quality of the product is amazing . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the system is really quiet . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . the graphics is amazing . the memory are upgraded . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the exclusives are so great . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it has best picture and framerate . it lacks the 4k bluray . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . games look better . the games have faster framerate . the bluray player is not a 4k . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the graphics are amazing . there is a difference in graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it is not a 4k bluray player . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####graphics is very very good . i could immediately see the difference with games . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####it has fast , great graphics . it change the quality of all games . games run smoother . the size of the updates are huge . the larger hard drive is worth it . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the games in 4k looks better . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the quality of the video graphics is great . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . it has great performance , and is much faster . it made a difference in performance and graphics it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####downloads seem faster . there is no fps drops . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . games look and play fantastic . the games feel smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####uhd 4k is great . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the heating and noise comments are true . it has great performance , and is much faster . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####downloads seem faster . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the games feel smoother . there is no noise during gameplay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . i love the performance of my pro . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####many games improves . the console runs faster and smoother . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####the resolution boosts . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . 4k gaming experience is good . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. it costs $ 100 more than the s and it comes with half the memory and it does not come with 4k but looking at the price i am not surprised . so basically if you want 4k just wait for the scorpio or build a pc . i will be purchasing this since the ps4 is the only gaming device i am missing as i have been waiting for enough exclusives to find it worth the buy and it seems it is finally time .####i could immediately see the difference with games . it has only half the memory compared to s. for display aspect , it does not come with 4k . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . it does not come with a native 4k player . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i bought a 75 '' qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice . games look better and the new system is faster . i can not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr ultra hd movies and the xbox x does . it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker .####it does not play games in true 4k . games look better . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . however , it does not play hdr or ultra hd movies . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the new system is faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####you can do all kinds of things . games look great and controllers are nice . it made a difference in performance and graphics it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the console runs faster and smoother . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big####ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! 4k gaming is also good . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the games look significantly better . the performance of vr is awesome . menus are fast . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro .####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . it does not come with a native 4k player . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####the wifi is definitely better . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it has great games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored .####there is no fps drops . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . games look and play fantastic . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the graphics are better . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded .####the wifi is definitely better . it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the smoothness in gameplay is big . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are much nicer . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have a 4k tv with hdr so i got a ps4 pro to take advantage of it . the pro is significantly larger and heavier than the slim , and the graphical upgrade is negligible . sure , some games offer a boost in fps , but it is inconsistent . and of course there no 4k uhd bluray player . just standard bluray . stick with the slim unless you find a great deal on the pro . but even then , i prefer the sleekness of the ps4 slim . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphical upgrade is negligible . it has best picture and framerate . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is no 4k uhd bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . processor is faster . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it has great graphics . the graphics are amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the 4k support looks great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####the addition of 4k capability is great . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games in 4k looks better . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . performance of ps4 is too good . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the 4k quality is amazing . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the exclusive games are good . the new ps4 has way better performance . the fan is super loud ! the faster processor makes terrific graphics . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great !####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the quality of the video graphics is great . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the 4k was awesome ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####graphics are better and faster . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the bluray is really good . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####graphics are lifelike . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the 4k games are incredible . the hd quality is better than any device i have . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim .####it has fast , great graphics . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it has best picture and framerate . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####uhd 4k is great . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase .####vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . first time buying a ps4 since i wanted to wait until a native 4k playstation would be introduced that is also capable of playing 4k bluray so that i can show off my 4ktv . personally i think it looks and plays better than the xbox 1s which actually is 4k native , so i am glad i bit the bullet and made this purchase . good deal considering you get the extra storage and updated processor .####the graphics look amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is a difference when playing games . it is a good deal to have the extra capacity and updated processor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no uhd player . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are amazing and life like . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games look significantly better . the games that supports 4k is astounding . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . menus are fast . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 .####the wifi is definitely better . the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . there is no noise during gameplay . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the 4k was awesome ! it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . there is no 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are clearer . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the games can be played in 4k . it is great with a hdr screen . however , it can not play 4k movies . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the download speed are faster as well . the 4k output is gorgeous . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . it has tons of memory .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price .####the games run smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games . this pro model has significant game load improvements . the loading times are faster . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too####the wifi is definitely better . ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . graphics are better and faster . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . i could immediately see the difference with games . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the image quality is amazing . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray . the system is quicker . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it looks nice on my 4k tv . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics look amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . there is a difference when playing games . it is extra fast . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####graphics look great and more detailed now . it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it lacks the 4k bluray . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a premium console it is designed to do what no other console has previously done , which it excelled and reached that benchmark . with nice technical specs and enhanced visuals which makes of a good combination for a great console . the only downfall is there no 4k bluray player included in with the system , while sony makes bluray discs bucome on now sony otherwise impressive system . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the only downfall is there is no 4k bluray player . the nice technical specs and enhanced visuals makes a good combination for a great console . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the picture quality is impressive . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the games look significantly better . playing games with this system is enjoyable . menus are fast . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####the 4k output is gorgeous . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . i notice very little difference in graphics . the graphics are amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####graphics are better and faster . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k movies . it does not play 4k bluray . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . games look better . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i already had the original ps4 and it was running perfectly fine but i have a 4k tv and have been really wanting products that can use that technology and there have been really good reviews on the pro . it is also really nice having more hard drive space as well considering 500 gb just isnt enough when they take up a considerable amount for the system hardware and stuff####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . load time was a lot quicker . it is nice to have more hard drive space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . ps4 pro is amazing . it has near 4k graphics . it is extra fast . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####graphics are much nicer . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the vr was easy to use . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the image quality is amazing . the games have faster framerate . the exclusives are so great . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####performance and graphics are great . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####uhd 4k is great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are amazing . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . graphics is impressive . the exclusives are so great . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the image quality is amazing . the graphics are amazing and life like . the system is quicker . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics look amazing . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . there is a difference when playing games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####there is a difference in graphics . the addition of 4k capability is great . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it has near 4k graphics . the games run smoother . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####the wifi is definitely better . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . there is no noise during gameplay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####performance and graphics are great . it has best picture and framerate . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####games are better in resolution . performance is better . games run smoothes . it made a difference in performance and graphics larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it does not support 4k bluray discs . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####the gaming quality has a huge difference . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the exclusives are so great . it does not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the graphics are amazing and life like . it looks nice on my 4k tv . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the 4k games are incredible . it has more efficient online gaming . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####i could immediately see the difference with games . the hard drive was mal functioning . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####it has fast , great graphics . the games look significantly better . visuals are stunning . the size of the updates are huge . menus are fast . the wide variety of titles is second to none . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####it looks great on my 4k tv . 4k gaming is also good . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it does not support 4k bluray discs . the bluray is really good . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . games look better . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics is amazing . performance of ps4 is too good . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the games run smoother . the exclusives are so great . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the 4k capabilities are terrific . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is a difference in graphics . it has best picture and framerate . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are great . the addition of 4k capability is great . games look and play fantastic . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics are noticeably superior . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system is really quiet . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the picture is amazing with my tv . the image quality is amazing . graphics and framerate are top notch . the system is quicker . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####the games run smoother . it does not feel so good . games look great and controllers are nice . it does not accept any cds . the loading times are faster . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it has best picture and framerate . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is extra fast . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the console runs faster and smoother . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####downloads seem faster . the addition of 4k capability is great . the games feel smoother . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the graphics are amazing . the graphics is amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the graphics are stunning . the graphics are better . the performance is excellent ! the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the image quality is amazing . graphics are much nicer . the system is quicker . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . i could immediately see the difference with games . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 .####the wifi is definitely better . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the picture quality are astounding . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the enhanced graphics are great . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . the hard drive space is a plus . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the 4k output is gorgeous . the exclusive games are good . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the additional capacity is great . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are unreal . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the 4k games are incredible . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . load time was a lot quicker . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the resolution boosts . it has near 4k graphics . the smoothness in gameplay is big . 4k gaming experience is good . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are better . graphics are lifelike . gameplay and menus are smoother . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the 4k output is gorgeous . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games have been great so far . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it is a sleek system with good visuals . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####there is a difference in graphics . graphics is impressive . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it is not a 4k bluray player . system works great . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####it does not play games in true 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####games look better . processor is faster . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . hd movies look better in 4k . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####graphics are lifelike . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are pretty amazing . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . it does not come with a native 4k player . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must !####the exclusives are so great . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it .####it does not feel so good . the games have been great so far . it does not accept any cds . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . playing games with this system is enjoyable . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the image quality is amazing . the exclusive games are amazing . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the image quality is amazing . the graphics are better . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics are clearer . graphics and framerate are top notch . the system loads faster . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the addition of 4k capability is great . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####4k gaming is also good . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . i really appreciate the one tb storage . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####it can not connect to the internet . the 4k games are incredible . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics are great . graphics are much nicer . the system could not play my 4k movies . the system is really quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the fan is much quieter . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are amazing . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the system is really quiet . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . this pro model has significant game load improvements . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it has significant streaming improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics and speed are amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####graphics are lifelike . it has decent graphics . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . i could immediately see the difference with games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####graphics are lifelike . graphics are better and faster . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the games look significantly better . it has best picture and framerate . the vr was easy to use . menus are fast . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it does not come with a native 4k player . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . the console runs faster and smoother . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . graphics and framerate are top notch . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the graphics are amazing . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the resolution boosts . graphics and framerate are top notch . 4k gaming experience is good . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####there is no fps drops . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . games look and play fantastic . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . games look great and controllers are nice . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the graphics and speed are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####the graphics are great . the addition of 4k capability is great . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . i could immediately see the difference with games . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it can produce amazing graphics . the hd quality is better than any device i have . the console runs faster and smoother . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the picture quality is impressive . it has great graphics . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the games load up fast . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k capabilities are terrific . ps4 pro is amazing . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it is extra fast . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####games look better . graphics are better and faster . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . it made a difference in performance and graphics this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it does not play games in true 4k . uhd 4k is great . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the graphics are great . graphics are lifelike . hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the 4k games are incredible . the image quality is amazing . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4 . i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy . the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life . as someone who owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the picture quality on games is amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####graphics are lifelike . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded my regular ps4 in for the pro and it has been an awesome decision despite not being a hardcore gamer . i do not get the utilization as my vizio 4k tv does not support hdr on hdmi ( but does in iapp , wth ? ! ? ) nonetheless still makes a huge difference in picture quality . i watch a lot of movies on the epix app in 4k since my cable service is only 1080i i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have just been playing on my ps3 until now . this is such an awesome improvement . i can not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4 , but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming , 1 tb storage , non-pita background downloads , and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho . game play is excellent as always .####it makes a huge difference in picture quality . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . graphics and user interface are better . 1 tb hard drive is also good . live game streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####graphics are enhanced for games . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i was pumped to finally get my ps4 and unleash the power of my 4k 60 '' sony bravia tv . i hooked up the ps4 pro only to find out that you can not get youtube tv on it , which made my purchase 50 % worthless . then , i found out that the vudu app will not play 4k . i am taking this back today and switching over to an xbox one x so that i can actually use the apps i need .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the extra space is a huge plus . youtube tv can not get on it , and that the vudu app do not play 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games .####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . the exclusive games are amazing . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate .####there are extra usb ports . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####games look better . pictures are great on 4k tvs . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are fantastic . graphics are lifelike . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the exclusives are so great . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the graphics are great . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the system could not play my 4k movies . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the enhanced graphics are great . hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the image quality is amazing . it has near 4k graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it does not play games in true 4k . it is great with a hdr screen . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . not going to lie i was a little nervous about dumping 450 bucks into a system i already had . but i can tell you for sure this is definately worth the upgrade . you need to have 4k tv to see the ups to having this system , not to mention the boost to operating speeds and reduced lag online because you can connect to 5ghz speed internet .####the 5ghz speed internet reduced lags online . it has best picture and framerate . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . this is definately worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . you will notice the smoother framerate . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! buttery smoove interface , havent seen a hiccup yet . it takes everything i throw at it . i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful ! anyway , if you have a ps4 already , it may not be a huge upgrade to you.unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics ( which is why i chose this one as well ) i am loving it ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . you get gorgeous graphics if you have a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . it may not be a huge upgrade if you have a ps4 already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the smoothness in gameplay is big . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####there is no fps drops . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the fan is much quieter . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it has best picture and framerate . resolution is great . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####there is a difference in graphics . the image quality is amazing . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the graphics are amazing and life like . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the video quality is great . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . resolution is great . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it change the quality of all games . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i already had the original ps4 and it was running perfectly fine but i have a 4k tv and have been really wanting products that can use that technology and there have been really good reviews on the pro . it is also really nice having more hard drive space as well considering 500 gb just isnt enough when they take up a considerable amount for the system hardware and stuff picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is nice to have more hard drive space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####it looks great on my 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a premium console it is designed to do what no other console has previously done , which it excelled and reached that benchmark . with nice technical specs and enhanced visuals which makes of a good combination for a great console . the only downfall is there no 4k bluray player included in with the system , while sony makes bluray discs bucome on now sony otherwise impressive system . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . the only downfall is there is no 4k bluray player . the nice technical specs and enhanced visuals makes a good combination for a great console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this to go with my new 4k tv . the quality is slightly better than the regular ps4 in my opinion . the games i have been playing however were not made with the 4k and the ps4 pro is upscaling it . i am not sure it is worth to spend the extra until more games will use the 4k . other than that the system is running great and seems quicker then the previous model as well . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the quality is better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the system runs quicker . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are amazing and life like . there are many options for games and the exclusives . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . games look great and controllers are nice . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it has near 4k graphics . the smoothness in gameplay is big . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics are better . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it has near 4k graphics . gameplay and menus are smoother . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are unreal . the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it made a difference in performance and graphics multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . it is not a 4k bluray player . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics and speed are amazing ! i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . the exclusives are so great . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the picture is amazing . the graphics are amazing and life like . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are amazing . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . it is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####there is a difference in graphics . it has best picture and framerate . graphics is impressive . it is not a 4k bluray player . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics are better . it has best picture and framerate . gameplay and menus are smoother . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the picture quality is impressive . the enhanced graphics are great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the games load up fast . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . there is a difference in performance . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the image quality is amazing . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the system is quicker . the performance enhancements made this worth . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k is great on my big screen . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . i could immediately see the difference with games . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####the screen flickers and then turns black . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . there is a difference in performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .####there is no fps drops . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games look and play fantastic . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the additional capacity is great . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are stunning . it has more efficient online gaming . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the exclusives are so great . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it has great graphics . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first i was not sure bout ps4 pro but now reading more bout it ended up buying it , also dont care of 4k player bcuz the pro can upscale regular bluray movies and games to 4k resolution.i also have a 50 \u2018 4ktv so cant wait.its funny how people wine and grone bout ps4 pro not 4k player.to me its okay at least it has an upscaler feature definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the pro upscales bluray movies and games to 4k resolution . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . it does not come with a native 4k player . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has fast , great graphics . the graphics are pretty amazing . it has near 4k graphics . the size of the updates are huge . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the visuals are stunning . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it does not come with a native 4k player . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####games are better in resolution . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . performance is better . games run smoothes . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . it is the hdr that makes this shine . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . there is no 4k bluray player . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the image quality is amazing . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it has best picture and framerate . it has decent graphics . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the 4k support looks great . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the exclusive games are amazing . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the addition of 4k capability is great . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the graphics are amazing . the exclusives are so great . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the enhanced graphics are great . the games look significantly better . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . menus are fast . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . the image quality is amazing . it has better graphics . the system is quicker . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven !####the exclusives are so great . the exclusive games are amazing . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the graphics are clearer . i love the performance of my pro . the system loads faster . the additional capacity is great . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . 4k gaming is also good . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the system is really quiet . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality !####the graphics are amazing . everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the picture is amazing . the games run smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the addition of 4k capability is great . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the wifi is definitely better . there is no fps drops . the hd quality is better than any device i have . games look and play fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the visuals are stunning . the exclusives are so great . i can stream most video files .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the picture is amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####it has fast , great graphics . the games look significantly better . the size of the updates are huge . menus are fast . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the 4k support is great . it does not come with a native 4k player . performance of ps4 is too good . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . games look pretty good . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . i could immediately see the difference with games . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player .####there is no fps drops . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . games look and play fantastic . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . graphics are lifelike . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the games have been great so far . it has more efficient online gaming . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####downloads seem faster . ps4 pro is amazing . the games feel smoother . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it is extra fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it is great . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the graphics is amazing . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####performance and graphics are great . it has best picture and framerate . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . not going to lie i was a little nervous about dumping 450 bucks into a system i already had . but i can tell you for sure this is definately worth the upgrade . you need to have 4k tv to see the ups to having this system , not to mention the boost to operating speeds and reduced lag online because you can connect to 5ghz speed internet . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the 5ghz speed internet reduced lags online . it has best picture and framerate . it is great with a hdr screen . this is definately worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . vr capabilities really are state of the art . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####graphics look great and more detailed now . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . games look great and controllers are nice . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the exclusives are great . there is no noise during gameplay . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either .####graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the games that supports 4k is astounding . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the 4k games are incredible . games look amazing . they run very smooth . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####graphics are fantastic . the image quality is amazing . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . the system is quicker . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the extra space is a huge plus . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####graphics are much nicer . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me , i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade ! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4 ! it has wonderful apps , is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console ! i am excited to continue to use and love it !####the games have been great so far . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a sleek system with good visuals . i am happy with the performance of the ps4 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is a difference in graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! it is extra fast . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it has more efficient online gaming . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it does not come with a native 4k player . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro .####the wifi is definitely better . the playstation store also runs smoother . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics and speed are amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better .####the wifi is definitely better . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics are much nicer . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it has great games . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient .####many games improves . graphics are lifelike . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the games that supports 4k is astounding . the bluray is really good . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . there is no uhd player . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the picture is great with my 4k tv . it has near 4k graphics . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it has fast , great graphics . it has near 4k graphics . the graphics is amazing . the size of the updates are huge . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . i could immediately see the difference with games . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . my games have significant improvements . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the hd quality is better than any device i have . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the wifi is definitely better . it has great graphics . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are stunning . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the image quality is amazing . games look pretty good . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it made a difference in performance and graphics ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####4k gaming is also good . the extra hard drive space is good . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . the picture is amazing with my tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has better graphics . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####the 4k games are incredible . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . games look amazing . they run very smooth . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the picture is amazing with my tv . graphics are lifelike . it has a 1 tb hard drive . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####there are extra usb ports . the graphics are amazing and life like . the games have higher resolution and framerate . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away .####the wifi is definitely better . it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are impressive . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics is amazing . there is no noise during gameplay . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the graphics are noticeably superior . the exclusive games are good . the exclusives are great . the fan is super loud ! the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the games that supports 4k is astounding . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####there is no fps drops . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . games look and play fantastic . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is a difference in graphics . it has best picture and framerate . it is not a 4k bluray player . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the exclusives are so great . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . it change the quality of all games . this console has plenty of space . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the graphics are great . the exclusives are so great . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphics are amazing and life like . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are better . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it does not come with a native 4k player . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . it is great with a hdr screen . the console runs faster and smoother . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the 4k games are incredible . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has great graphics . it has best picture and framerate . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the 4k games are incredible . resolution is great . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the download speed are faster as well . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it has faster processing power and load times . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . it has best picture and framerate . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it has better graphics . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####graphics are better and faster . games looks and plays great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the graphics are amazing and life like . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the picture quality are astounding . it has best picture and framerate . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the graphics are amazing and life like . it made a difference in performance and graphics it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusives are great . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the exclusives are so great . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the 4k games are incredible . it produces fantastic graphics . the gameplay is seamless . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . sony has the best exclusive games and content . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the games look significantly better . the exclusive games are good . menus are fast . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . games run better and menus are faster . the games have been great so far . games look great and controllers are nice . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are lifelike . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks !####downloads seem faster . the wifi is definitely better . the graphics look amazing . the games feel smoother . there is a difference when playing games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it does not play games in true 4k . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the system is quicker with loading . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the games look significantly better . resolution is great . menus are fast . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it has great graphics . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics and framerate are top notch . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles , they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast . great system . but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is no fps drops . it has best picture and framerate . games look and play fantastic . it does not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it has great graphics . there is a difference in graphics . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the enhanced graphics are great . the picture is great with my 4k tv . i love the performance of my pro . the fan is not that loud . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had for several months and still love it . games run great and the design is easy on the eyes . cons : can be a bit loud at times and gets hot when doing 4k and long game sessions . i would love to see sound reduction , smaller total size , and run quieter . i am sure their next iteration will fix these and will be a for sure 5 star . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . graphics is impressive . games run great and the design is easy . it is a bit loud and gets hot in 4k and long game sessions . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics are nice , too . the games that supports 4k is astounding . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase .####the 4k output is gorgeous . i could immediately see the difference with games . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####graphics are much nicer . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . i love the performance of my pro . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i bought the pro so that i could give my ps4 to my grandson . my 55 '' tv is only hd not 4k . there is no noticeable difference using an hd tv between the ps4 and the ps4 pro . do not feel sorry for me . in the near future , i will be getting a top of the line 4k tv . then i will be so happy that i bought the pro . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the wifi is definitely better . there is no noticeable difference using an hd tv between ps4 and ps4 pro . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the menus and games are amazing . it has more efficient online gaming . the speed is amazing . the quality of the product is amazing . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####the wifi is definitely better . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####graphics are fantastic . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games have been great so far . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the exclusive games are amazing . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the graphics are better . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the graphics are better . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it has best picture and framerate . performance of ps4 is too good . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . it lacks the 4k bluray . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it looks great on my 4k tv . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the 4k quality is amazing . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it has best picture and framerate . performance of ps4 is too good . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the games that supports 4k is astounding . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the picture is amazing with my tv . the picture is amazing . the exclusives are so great . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the enhanced graphics are great . graphics are much nicer . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics are better and faster . graphics is impressive . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are amazing . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####there is a difference in graphics . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####many games improves . the 4k support looks great . the console runs faster and smoother . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####the games look significantly better . menus are fast . it is a superior gaming machine . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the wifi is definitely better . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the 4k output is gorgeous . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the addition of 4k capability is great . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####the games have been great so far . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the quality is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i bought the pro because i wanted the best picture nonetheless . i paired it to asus gaming monitor and was amazed at the picture and smoothness of the games . coming from an xbox one x i was a bit let down due to sometimes being a bit laggy loading up certain things on the main menu . also the main menu is not as user friendly as compared to an xbox but does not take that long to learn . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####i was amazed at the picture and smoothness of the games . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the menu is not as user friendly as xbox . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is a difference in graphics . graphics are better and faster . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it has fast , great graphics . the games look significantly better . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . the size of the updates are huge . menus are fast . it is super fast . it has a huge space . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the graphics is amazing . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . i got the console day one since i wanted to have my 4k horizon : zero dawn machine . was worth every penny for that alone , but it is nice to have a console that runs games at higher resolutions textures . the new boost mode makes games that did not used to run at a great framerate on the base ps4 run just fine now , so it is a great machine overall .####it has best picture and framerate . this console runs games at higher resolutions . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are unreal . the exclusive games are amazing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . the bluray is really good . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the system is quicker . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics are stunning . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the system is really quiet . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it does not play games in true 4k . the visuals are stunning . the bluray player is not a 4k . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . i can stream most video files .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro .####i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . the exclusives are so great . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . it has near 4k graphics . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics are noticeably superior . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . the console runs faster and smoother . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . the performance enhancements made this worth . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####the wifi is definitely better . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years !####the wifi is definitely better . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . load time was a lot quicker . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are amazing and life like . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the hard drive was mal functioning . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it produces fantastic graphics . graphics are lifelike . the graphics are unreal . the gameplay is seamless . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it does not come with a native 4k player . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me .####the wifi is definitely better . it has great graphics . games looks and plays great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are amazing . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the games in 4k looks better . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the wifi is definitely better . it can not connect to the internet . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####graphics are much nicer . 4k gaming is also good . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . buttery smoove interface , havent seen a hiccup yet . it takes everything i throw at it . i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful ! anyway , if you have a ps4 already , it may not be a huge upgrade to you.unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics ( which is why i chose this one as well ) i am loving it ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####you get gorgeous graphics if you have a 4k tv . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it may not be a huge upgrade if you have a ps4 already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . i could immediately see the difference with games . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the bluray player is not a 4k . the bluray is really good . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####4k gaming is also good . ps4 pro is amazing . games run smoother . it is extra fast . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it has near 4k graphics . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it has great graphics . graphics is impressive . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the picture is amazing . the addition of 4k capability is great . the graphics are amazing . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####the exclusive games are good . it does not play 4k movies . the fan is super loud ! the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics is amazing . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####there is no fps drops . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is great . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics look amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are unreal . there is a difference when playing games . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the extra space is a huge plus . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####graphics are much nicer . the bluray is really good . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the games look significantly better . you can do all kinds of things . menus are fast . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####there is a difference in graphics . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it is not a 4k bluray player . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####it does not play games in true 4k . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it has great graphics . games run smoother . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the exclusives are so great . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####graphics are lifelike . games run smoother . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the console runs faster and smoother . the additional capacity is great . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics and speed are amazing ! i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . the graphics are stunning . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . there is no 4k bluray player . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####this does not lag on games . the console runs faster and smoother . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####graphics are much nicer . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the graphics are amazing and life like . the extra space is a huge plus . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the graphics are unreal . the image quality is amazing . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . 1 tb hd is handy . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . graphics are better and faster . it has best picture and framerate . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####many games improves . graphics are much nicer . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the exclusives are so great . the bluray is really good . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####4k gaming is also good . it has best picture and framerate . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the image quality is amazing . the 4k was awesome ! you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####graphics are much nicer . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it does not play games in true 4k . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . it has a 1 tb drive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the picture quality is impressive . the exclusive games are good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the games load up fast . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the graphics are amazing . the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . there is no noise during gameplay . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the bluray is really good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games have been great so far . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the bluray is really good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####performance and graphics are great . graphics and framerate are top notch . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the graphics are better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusive games are good . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the games have faster framerate . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i replaced my launch model ps4 with the ps4 pro to help improve game performance and get myself ready for a future upgrade to a 4k tv . the increased hard drive storage space is nice , but the lack of 4k bluray support is baffling . it is also worth upgrading for the boost in psvr performance . overall , it is a good console and almost a great one . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####however , the lack of 4k bluray support is baffling . the increaced hard drive space is nice . the extra space is a huge plus . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the boost in psvr performance is worth upgrading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####performance and graphics are great . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it supports 4k and hdr video . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the games run smoother . the exclusive games are amazing . the loading times are faster . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the games look significantly better . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . menus are fast . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the 4k was awesome ! the exclusives are so great . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 .####the graphics are stunning . the picture quality are astounding . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance is excellent ! it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it can produce amazing graphics . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . this console has plenty of space . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the picture quality is impressive . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the games load up fast . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics are much nicer . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the exclusives are so great . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . it has near 4k graphics . the vr was easy to use . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####graphics are better . the graphics are stunning . gameplay and menus are smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the games can be played in 4k . the exclusives are so great . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####graphics are much nicer . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the system is quicker with loading . the console runs faster and smoother . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has better graphics . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . games look amazing . they run very smooth . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####graphics are much nicer . the 4k support looks great . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the 4k quality is amazing . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . it has plenty storage . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####there is a difference in graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it is not a 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####the graphics are pretty amazing . it has best picture and framerate . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are unreal . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the bluray player is not a 4k . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it looks great on my 4k tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the exclusive games are amazing . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the enhanced graphics are great . the 4k capabilities are terrific . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the hard drive space is a plus . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the 4k games are incredible . graphics are lifelike . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the 4k support looks great . it looks nice on my 4k tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####games look better . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . at first i was not sure bout ps4 pro but now reading more bout it ended up buying it , also dont care of 4k player bcuz the pro can upscale regular bluray movies and games to 4k resolution.i also have a 50 \u2018 4ktv so cant wait.its funny how people wine and grone bout ps4 pro not 4k player.to me its okay at least it has an upscaler feature the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the wifi is definitely better . the pro upscales bluray movies and games to 4k resolution . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####visuals are stunning . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the exclusive games are good . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the resolution boosts . 4k gaming experience is good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####4k gaming is also good . it has best picture and framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . there is a difference in graphics . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####graphics are enhanced for games . graphics are lifelike . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . it does not come with a native 4k player . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the graphics and speed are amazing . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . games look awesome on my 4k tv . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it has great performance , and is much faster . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the wifi is definitely better . it made a difference in performance and graphics i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the bluray player is not a 4k . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the bluray is really good . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . well finally i have a system that will utilize the 4k native resolution . and when the games are given the patch for it , it is worth every penny spent on the system . amazing and better processing power . plus the graphics boost during the vr experiences makes this the go to system . if you have your old ps4 system you will also get trade in value for the system . this will knock the price down .####the 4k games are incredible . the games have been great so far . graphics boost during vr experiences . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the processing power is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####i love the amazing graphics . the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it is extra fast . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the graphics are pretty amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it has best picture and framerate . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . graphics are much nicer . the graphics are amazing . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games have been great so far . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphics is amazing . the performance enhancements made this worth . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####it has great graphics . it change the quality of all games . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . it looks great on my 4k tv . the graphics are stunning . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####it has fast , great graphics . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the size of the updates are huge . i could immediately see the difference with games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the 4k quality is amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has plenty storage . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####there is no fps drops . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . it looks nice on my 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it has more efficient online gaming . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has better graphics and framerate . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them .####the wifi is definitely better . it has better graphics and framerate . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics are pretty amazing . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the picture is amazing . the exclusive games are amazing . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are enhanced for games . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the 4k games are incredible . playing games with this system is enjoyable . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the picture is great with my 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it can produce amazing graphics . it change the quality of all games . this console has plenty of space . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . the performance of vr is awesome . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it is extra fast . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the picture quality is impressive . it has great graphics . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows .####however , there may be a wifi issue . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the 4k games are incredible . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####games look better . the 4k is great on my big screen . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the console runs faster and smoother . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order ! this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the graphics are significantly better . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the graphics are amazing and life like . the performance enhancements made this worth . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####the 4k games are incredible . you can do all kinds of things . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are pretty amazing . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####games look better . i could immediately see the difference with games . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4 . more storage was our main reason . downloading full games and add ons still take a long time , but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on . the controllers charge faster . one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####it has best picture and framerate . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it has more storage . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the graphics are amazing and life like . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . graphics are lifelike . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . there is no noise during gameplay . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . the games that supports 4k is astounding . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . it has best picture and framerate . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also####graphics are much nicer . the additional capacity is great . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the exclusives are so great . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are enhanced for games . graphics are lifelike . the exclusive games are amazing . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . buttery smoove interface , havent seen a hiccup yet . it takes everything i throw at it . i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful ! anyway , if you have a ps4 already , it may not be a huge upgrade to you.unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics ( which is why i chose this one as well ) i am loving it !####graphics are lifelike . you get gorgeous graphics if you have a 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . it may not be a huge upgrade if you have a ps4 already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the screen flickers and then turns black . it has best picture and framerate . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it is great with a hdr screen . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it .####it produces fantastic graphics . the exclusives are so great . the gameplay is seamless . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####there is a difference in graphics . it is the hdr that makes this shine . power is efficient . there is no lags . the performance enhancements made this worth . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the exclusives are so great . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . basically a standard ps4 with a bit more power and 4k compatibility . i have to say , the upscale looks awesome on my 65 4k samsung 8500. and the full 4k games ? my $ 2k laptop does not even touch 4k at these framerate . at the end of the day , it is a great console for the money , and even better if you have a 4k tv to display it on . no 4k bluray support . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games load up fast . the upscale looks awesome on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it has fast , great graphics . the picture is amazing . the size of the updates are huge . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i bought this as a christmas gift for my fiance , he absolutely loves it ! i love the hd quality that it has when watching movies and playing video games ! it is the best gaming consule ever ! my fiance loves the online capabilities and that he can play with his friends even if they are not close by ! so glad i upgraded and bought the pro ! i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . i love the hd quality when watching movies and playing video games ! the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the exclusives are so great . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have just been playing on my ps3 until now . this is such an awesome improvement . i can not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4 , but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming , 1 tb storage , non-pita background downloads , and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho . game play is excellent as always .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . graphics and user interface are better . the extra space is a huge plus . 1 tb hard drive is also good . live game streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####there is a difference in graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it is extra fast . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####the image quality is amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . it has a 1 tb drive . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####the 4k games are incredible . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also####there is no fps drops . games look and play fantastic . the exclusives are so great . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me .####it has great graphics . the exclusive games are amazing . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####it has great graphics . games look better . processor is faster . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the bluray player is not a 4k . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . games run smoother . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . ps4 with one disappointment , it will not support 4k drive to play 4k movies . but this one supports a 4k gaming and way better than xbox one s in terms of performance . if you are watching lot of 4k movies along with gaming , xbox one s would be your choice . but if you want more performance , speed and 4k gaming beast for long term , ps4 pro is your final destination . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####this one supports 4k gaming and has better performance than xbox one s. the console runs faster and smoother . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games can be played in 4k . games look pretty good . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is no fps drops . the picture quality is impressive . games look and play fantastic . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . the games can be played in 4k . the exclusives are so great . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####there is a difference in graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics and framerate are top notch . the system is quicker with loading . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the new ps4 has way better performance . the fan is a bit loud . the console runs faster and smoother . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the hd quality is better than any device i have . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####the wifi is definitely better . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . performance and graphics are great . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the 4k output is gorgeous . performance and graphics are great . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####graphics are lifelike . it has tons of memory . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not play 4k movies . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are stunning . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it has great performance , and is much faster . the performance is excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . it does not come with a native 4k player . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i originally had a ps2 and 3 and i decided to try the xbox one . i am just not a fan of xbox and their controller the interface is sloppy and just nothing there that keeps me coming back . ps4 is faster better looking for ui and has a lot more games that are exclusive that i rather play . imo the controller is much better to use . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . ps4 has better looking ui and more exclusive games . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics are fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! buttery smoove interface , havent seen a hiccup yet . it takes everything i throw at it . i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful ! anyway , if you have a ps4 already , it may not be a huge upgrade to you.unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics ( which is why i chose this one as well ) i am loving it ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####you get gorgeous graphics if you have a 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it may not be a huge upgrade if you have a ps4 already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . i notice very little difference in graphics . the performance of vr is awesome . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro .####downloads seem faster . it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the games feel smoother . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven !####the picture quality is impressive . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it does not support 4k bluray discs . the games load up fast . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . it does not play 4k movies . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics are noticeably superior . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . power is efficient . there is no lags . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it can not connect to the internet . the gaming quality has a huge difference . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it does not play games in true 4k . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games can be played in 4k . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . however , it can not play 4k movies . load times take longer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console . i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had , mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life . you will not regret getting this console , unless you do not have a 4k tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the picture is amazing with my tv . the exclusives are so great . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it does not play games in true 4k . i notice very little difference in graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####graphics are lifelike . it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i am an xbox guy generally , but finally decided to buy a ps4 pro to take advantage of my new 4k tv and play the ps4 exclusives . i still prefer the xbox one x overall , but i am surprised at how much i like the ps4 pro , and the games are amazing , i am loving horizon zero dawn . dashboard feels very fast and lightweight compared to the resource heavy dashboard on the xbox .####downloads seem faster . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games feel smoother . the games of ps4 pro are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the image quality is amazing . it has best picture and framerate . the system is quicker . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the 4k quality is amazing . load time was a lot quicker . it has plenty storage . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . it has great performance , and is much faster . the system is quicker . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####i notice very little difference in graphics . it has best picture and framerate . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####4k and hdr games look great . it has near 4k graphics . the exclusives are so great . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####you can do all kinds of things . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . graphics are much nicer . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the graphics are amazing . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . pick this up cause my day one ps4 is dying . setup was a breeze and transferring data between ps4 is so easy just time consuming . details are enhanced on the system . i have a 4k tv and the games that support it are stunning . detail detail detail . it is all about the details . gameplay is silky smooth . only downside to this is the lack of 4k player . really can not believe that sony dint add it to the final version . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games that support 4k is stunning . they runs smoothly . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it lacks a 4k player . it is the only downside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####graphics are much nicer . hdr games are spectacular . games look great and controllers are nice . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the image quality is amazing . the games look significantly better . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . menus are fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not play 4k movies . system works great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####graphics look great and more detailed now . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the picture is amazing . it lacks the 4k bluray . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not come with a native 4k player . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . this guy has twice the gflops as the normal ps4 . i bought it mostly for vr , and i noticed that games run a bit smoother than on my launch ps4 . copying my data over via ethernet was painless , but can be a bit time consuming if you have a lot of data . i just wish it game standard with a 2tb hdd , but 1 tb is enough to get you going for a while .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the exclusives are so great . i bought it for vr , and games are smoother than ps4 . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . 4k and hdr games look great . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are stunning . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the performance is excellent ! the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####there is a difference in graphics . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it has fast , great graphics . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are better . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it does not play games in true 4k . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i already had the original ps4 and it was running perfectly fine but i have a 4k tv and have been really wanting products that can use that technology and there have been really good reviews on the pro . it is also really nice having more hard drive space as well considering 500 gb just isnt enough when they take up a considerable amount for the system hardware and stuff####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . i love the performance of my pro . it is nice to have more hard drive space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####it produces fantastic graphics . the graphics are amazing . the graphics is amazing . the gameplay is seamless . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####there is a difference in graphics . vr capabilities really are state of the art . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system runs perfectly . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the picture quality is impressive . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the games load up fast . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i love video games and will play them until i get to old to play them . this console is way better than the original ps4 . smoother processing and 4k streaming . please be aware that ps4 does not play 4k movies but it can stream them . the ps4 pro is a bit larger than the ps4 too but its solid and durable . $ 100 more for the ps4 pro vs. ps4 ( regular ) . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . it has best picture and framerate . it does not play 4k movies . it has smoother 4k streaming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows .####however , there may be a wifi issue . there is no uhd player . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . graphics are better . the games look significantly better . gameplay and menus are smoother . menus are fast . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has fast , great graphics . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it has near 4k graphics . the size of the updates are huge . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 .####graphics are much nicer . the picture quality are astounding . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the graphics are unreal . the bluray player is not a 4k . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i love the performance of my pro . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . graphics are lifelike . processor is faster . load times are faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####uhd 4k is great . graphics are better and faster . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####the enhanced graphics are great . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the hard drive space is a plus . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . games run smoother . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the clarity of the ps4 pro is amazing . we had the first generation ps4 so we decided to up grade my hubby system to the pro . at first he was upset with his bday surprise knowing we already had one , but the clarity and strength inside the pro has long since won him over . i think the dent in the couches are worth seeing the man that takes care of everyone enjoy his gift . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####there are extra usb ports . the clarity of the ps4 pro is amazing . the games have higher resolution and framerate . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####graphics are much nicer . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows .####however , there may be a wifi issue . graphics are lifelike . the graphics are amazing and life like . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####graphics look great and more detailed now . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it lacks the 4k bluray . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the games look significantly better . games run smoother . menus are fast . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####the games can be played in 4k . games look great and controllers are nice . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i got this console because i wanted new titles to play and so far im extremely impressed ! i purchased \u201c detroit become human \u201d and it has been a fantastic experience . i also got it because i want to buy a 4k tv which i am doing soon so my gaming experience would be on the next level . this console has made me enjoy games again and i will continue to purchase more titles i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . titles are impressive . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####there is no fps drops . the graphics is amazing . games look and play fantastic . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics are great . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the system could not play my 4k movies . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####hdr games are spectacular . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are better . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the size of the updates are huge . gameplay and menus are smoother . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it can produce amazing graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again !####uhd 4k is great . the exclusive games are amazing . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are great . games look and play fantastic . i could immediately see the difference with games . the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it is great with a hdr screen . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment .####downloads seem faster . it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the games feel smoother . the smoothness in gameplay is big . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the additional capacity is great . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the smoothness in gameplay is big . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . processor is faster . the system is quicker with loading . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . hd movies look better in 4k . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . games look great and controllers are nice . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####i notice very little difference in graphics . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are pretty amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again .####the wifi is definitely better . there is no fps drops . the screen flickers and then turns black . games look and play fantastic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the picture is amazing with my tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the graphics are great . the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it made a difference in performance and graphics the video quality is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored .####the 4k quality is amazing . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the exclusive games are amazing . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####it has decent graphics . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the games have been great so far . it has great gameplay . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it has great graphics . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####you will notice the smoother framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the 4k games are incredible . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the 4k support looks great . it has great performance , and is much faster . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade .####games are better in resolution . performance is better . games run smoothes . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the 4k support looks great . it has near 4k graphics . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the picture quality is impressive . the games load up fast . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it . my new system loads faster , has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games , such as the last guardian , seem to be clearer . if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics are stunning . the graphics are clearer . the system is really quiet . the performance is excellent ! the system loads faster . it has more memory space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . graphics are much nicer . playing games with this system is enjoyable . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . graphics are better and faster . graphics are much nicer . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####i could immediately see the difference with games . i really appreciate the one tb storage . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####graphics are lifelike . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it does not play 4k movies . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are amazing and life like . the graphics are unreal . the gaming quality has a huge difference . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusive games are amazing . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the download speed are faster as well . it has faster processing power and load times . the console runs faster and smoother . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up . best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset , so opted for the pro . i do not own a 4k tv yet so can not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the visuals are stunning . it provided a slight picture quality upgrade on my tv . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k quality is amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the hard drive was mal functioning . it has plenty storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####graphics are better and faster . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the 4k support looks great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the image quality is amazing . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the wifi is definitely better . games are better in resolution . the 4k games are incredible . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the picture is amazing . graphics and framerate are top notch . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the 4k quality is amazing . the bluray player is not a 4k . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the graphics are amazing . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the system is really quiet . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####graphics are lifelike . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the games have been great so far . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 has great exclusives , and the console works great . my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task . it kept dropping the signal , and the screen would go black for a few seconds , completely randomly . the same went for best buy rocketfish cables . i ended up buying an audioquest cable , the price of which i was not happy about , but now everything works just fine . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####however , the included hdmi cable was not working . graphics are lifelike . ps4 has great exclusives . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the download speed are faster as well . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the graphics are pretty amazing . graphics is very very good . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics and speed are amazing ! it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the 4k games are incredible . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . works flawlessly , seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim . little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , one of the main reasons i bought it . but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . note to buyer , do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . it does not read 4k ultra hd disc , but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics is very very good . i could immediately see the difference with games . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the bluray is really good . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i was aware that the new xbox is coming out . but for someone who already has a gaming rig , the ps4 ( pro ) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc , so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc . zero dawn looks so good in a big tv####the 4k games are incredible . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . 4k and hdr games look great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the 4k support looks great . the exclusive games are amazing . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics and speed are amazing ! there is no noise during gameplay . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . i notice very little difference in graphics . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . at first i was not sure bout ps4 pro but now reading more bout it ended up buying it , also dont care of 4k player bcuz the pro can upscale regular bluray movies and games to 4k resolution.i also have a 50 \u2018 4ktv so cant wait.its funny how people wine and grone bout ps4 pro not 4k player.to me its okay at least it has an upscaler feature ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too####the pro upscales bluray movies and games to 4k resolution . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####the wifi is definitely better . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming . i was disappointed to find out after i bought this , that despite the fact it plays games in 4k , it does not support 4k movie playback . i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either . just build a pc , its more versatile .####the 4k games are incredible . it does not play 4k movies . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the image quality is amazing . resolution is great . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the system is quicker . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . i notice very little difference in graphics . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the graphics are great . the image quality is amazing . the system could not play my 4k movies . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the graphics are amazing . graphics are better and faster . the system is really quiet . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are amazing and life like . the games that supports 4k is astounding . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####you will notice the smoother framerate . the graphics are great . i could immediately see the difference with games . you will notice the faster load times . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####graphics are better . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the exclusives are so great . gameplay and menus are smoother . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the system is quicker with loading . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . games look great and controllers are nice . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####graphics are lifelike . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles , they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast . great system . but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . it does not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . it is great with a hdr screen . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . visuals are stunning . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it has great performance , and is much faster . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . i could immediately see the difference with games . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the exclusives are so great . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . it has great performance , and is much faster . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the image quality is amazing . graphics and framerate are top notch . the system is quicker . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not come with a native 4k player . system works great . load time was a lot quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the download speed are faster as well . it has faster processing power and load times . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this console because i wanted new titles to play and so far im extremely impressed ! i purchased \u201c detroit become human \u201d and it has been a fantastic experience . i also got it because i want to buy a 4k tv which i am doing soon so my gaming experience would be on the next level . this console has made me enjoy games again and i will continue to purchase more titles additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . titles are impressive . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . games run smoother . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the wifi is definitely better . the picture is amazing . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics are amazing . the exclusives are so great . games look great and controllers are nice . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the games look significantly better . it has best picture and framerate . menus are fast . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the 4k games are incredible . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has more efficient online gaming . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive .####the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####it looks great on my 4k tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . performance and graphics are great . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics look great and more detailed now . it lacks the 4k bluray . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive .####the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the image quality is amazing . games looks and plays great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . games look great and controllers are nice . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . it has great performance , and is much faster . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####resolution is great . it has near 4k graphics . the exclusives are great . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the exclusives are so great . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the picture quality are astounding . it made a difference in performance and graphics it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####ps4 pro is amazing . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it is extra fast . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the exclusive games are amazing . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the graphics are pretty amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4. the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the 4k games are incredible . games look so much better . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the vr was easy to use . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no hd bluray drive . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####the 4k quality is amazing . the resolution boosts . i could immediately see the difference with games . 4k gaming experience is good . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are stunning . the new ps4 has way better performance . the performance is excellent ! i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . the pro has many advantages over the slim model and the only thing that beats it as far as gaming is my pc . i got a great deal at christmas for it , but i wish i had more time to actually use it . god of war was smooth on it , along with other games . i think we have watched more videos using the bluray player in it than playing games . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it has fast , great graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the size of the updates are huge . games are smooth . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room .####the menus and games are amazing . the speed is amazing . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . the quality of the product is amazing . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the exclusive games are amazing . load time was a lot quicker . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . graphics are much nicer . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the memory are upgraded . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the fan is not that loud . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it has more efficient online gaming . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . the image quality is amazing . it has more efficient online gaming . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the 4k output is gorgeous . graphics is impressive . playing games with this system is enjoyable . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the performance of vr is awesome . the games that supports 4k is astounding . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the wifi is definitely better . games look better . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the games have been great so far . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####the 4k support is great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the 4k output is gorgeous . graphics is impressive . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the performance is impressive . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are much nicer . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x .####there is a difference in graphics . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the exclusive games are good . power is efficient . there is no lags . the fan is super loud !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics are amazing . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one . i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea . i do not have a 4k tv but i notice the difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing . i am extremely happy with my purchase definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####it can produce amazing graphics . there is noticeable difference in movie rentals , netflix , and games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the graphics are amazing and life like . it looks nice on my 4k tv . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the picture quality is impressive . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . it change the quality of all games . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . i could immediately see the difference with games . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####pictures are great on 4k tvs . i could immediately see the difference with games . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the 4k games are incredible . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####uhd 4k is great . the image quality is amazing . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . the scaling to 4k is great . the exclusives are so great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . it does not come with a native 4k player . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the system is really quiet . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . the hard drive was mal functioning . the memory are upgraded . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the games run smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games . the loading times are faster . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####graphics are lifelike . hdr games are spectacular . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . my fan is dead quiet . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####graphics are better and faster . the graphics are amazing and life like . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####i love the amazing graphics . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . it has best picture and framerate . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the picture is amazing . the bluray player is not a 4k . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it is the hdr that makes this shine . it does not come with a native 4k player . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it looks great on my 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the 4k games are incredible . the bluray player is not a 4k . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the picture is great with my 4k tv . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the fan is not that loud . performance of ps4 is too good . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####it produces fantastic graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the gameplay is seamless . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either .####it has better graphics and framerate . graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the graphics are stunning . the graphics are amazing and life like . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the gaming quality has a huge difference . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . there is no noise during gameplay . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv .####the wifi is definitely better . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console is one of the best on the market today . ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr . you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work . i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform . five stars out of five stars for me . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no uhd player . it is a pity . this is a great consolel that does hdr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . not going to lie i was a little nervous about dumping 450 bucks into a system i already had . but i can tell you for sure this is definately worth the upgrade . you need to have 4k tv to see the ups to having this system , not to mention the boost to operating speeds and reduced lag online because you can connect to 5ghz speed internet . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####the 5ghz speed internet reduced lags online . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . this is definately worth the upgrade . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . the graphics are amazing and life like . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless . everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate . i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems . the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it . i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it produces fantastic graphics . the graphics are better . the gameplay is seamless . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. ps4 with one disappointment , it will not support 4k drive to play 4k movies . but this one supports a 4k gaming and way better than xbox one s in terms of performance . if you are watching lot of 4k movies along with gaming , xbox one s would be your choice . but if you want more performance , speed and 4k gaming beast for long term , ps4 pro is your final destination . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####this one supports 4k gaming and has better performance than xbox one s. the exclusive games are good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal . the quality is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased the pro about a year after i purchased the original ps4 . i game on a 1080p screen so i was really just looking to increase performance and framerate which it has done fairly well . seems to be a lot quieter and load times have improved on older games with the latest firmware update . not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####it seems to be quieter and load times have improved . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it is great with a hdr screen . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k was awesome ! ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####the graphics are stunning . graphics are much nicer . 4k gaming is also good . the performance is excellent ! the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . pictures are great on 4k tvs . the exclusive games are amazing . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####performance and graphics are great . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####there is no fps drops . the system looks better on our 4k tv . games look and play fantastic . there is no noise during gameplay . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the bluray is really good . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are much nicer . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are great . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system could not play my 4k movies . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it change the quality of all games . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphics are better . this console has plenty of space . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the picture quality is impressive . the enhanced graphics are great . it has best picture and framerate . the games load up fast . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . games look great and controllers are nice . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the games have been great so far . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is a sleek system with good visuals . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . graphics are much nicer . i could immediately see the difference with games . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the exclusives are so great . games look pretty good . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the bluray is really good . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####the 4k games are incredible . the exclusive games are amazing . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the games that supports 4k is astounding .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the quality of the video graphics is great . it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the picture is amazing . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the exclusives are so great . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . i am so happy i bought the ps4 pro . i was on the fence about 4k but this thing can push some amazing graphics ! the main reason i splurged is because i ended up selling my og ps4 when the switch came out , and got a 4k tv for christmas so though what the heck . and it is not much bigger than the launch ps4 . the upgrade to 4k is well worth the price .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k gaming is also good . this thing can push some amazing graphics . the extra hard drive space is good . the upgrade to 4k is worth the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are amazing . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the exclusives are so great . the performance of vr is awesome . sony has the best exclusive games and content . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are amazing and life like . the new ps4 has way better performance . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the 4k is great on my big screen . graphics are much nicer . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the console runs faster and smoother . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are unreal . the graphics are noticeably superior . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv . this console did not disappoint at all . there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 !####there are noticeable differences in games between the 2 consoles . the loading time is improved . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . the extra storage is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the design is superb . this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment . the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade . games look so much better ( especially if you have a 4k ) and streaming 4k is a breeze . you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4 .####there is a difference in graphics . games look so much better . power is efficient . there is no lags . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the processing power of the pro is worth the upgrade . streaming 4k is a breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####the 4k games are incredible . the 4k was awesome ! the graphics are crisp and smooth . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it does not play 4k bluray discs . there is no 4k bluray . it streams 4k . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the picture is amazing . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the exclusives are so great . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the graphics are amazing . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . i could immediately see the difference with games . the system is really quiet . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the 4k output is gorgeous . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the picture quality is impressive . uhd 4k is great . the games have been great so far . the games load up fast . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are amazing and life like . it does not come with a native 4k player . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . it has best picture and framerate . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the graphics are amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the 4k games are incredible . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i traded my regular ps4 in for the pro and it has been an awesome decision despite not being a hardcore gamer . i do not get the utilization as my vizio 4k tv does not support hdr on hdmi ( but does in iapp , wth ? ! ? ) nonetheless still makes a huge difference in picture quality . i watch a lot of movies on the epix app in 4k since my cable service is only 1080i i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it makes a huge difference in picture quality . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics are noticeably superior . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are stunning . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has great performance , and is much faster . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####it has fast , great graphics . the graphics are amazing and life like . the size of the updates are huge . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . did not come to the table with grand expectations , but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements . i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same tv , quite an improvment . caught the console on sale so that was a plus . not sure if i would make three purchase at full price . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the exclusives are so great . this pro model has significant game load improvements . it has significant streaming improvements . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####games are better in resolution . it can produce amazing graphics . it has best picture and framerate . performance is better . games run smoothes . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have read so many reviews about the playstation 4 pro that i can not think of anything new to say . it is a great machine ! i play several games with my grandson every time he comes over . the first thing he asks is can we play ps 4 ? and for last christmas we purchased a sony 4k ultra hd tv . the graphics are so crisp and clear , you do not miss a trick . and vr . great fun ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics are crisp and clear . it has best picture and framerate . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####the gaming quality has a huge difference . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the 4k quality is amazing . the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the image quality is amazing . hdr games are spectacular . the system is quicker . my fan is dead quiet . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the gaming quality has a huge difference . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are stunning . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the performance is excellent ! multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust . one thing for sure though , games do run much smoother . some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference . ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro . my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3 .####uhd 4k is great . games do run much smoother . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the graphics are unreal . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has near 4k graphics . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system , looks amazing on a 4k tv . lots of great games available , including several exclusives . only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking , compared to the same feature on the xbox one , and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids , i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####graphics are lifelike . the remote play feature is lacking compared to xbox one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i purchased the pro about a year after i purchased the original ps4 . i game on a 1080p screen so i was really just looking to increase performance and framerate which it has done fairly well . seems to be a lot quieter and load times have improved on older games with the latest firmware update . not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the wifi is definitely better . it seems to be quieter and load times have improved . it is not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . the games can be played in 4k . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####graphics are lifelike . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the 4k capabilities are terrific . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . it made a difference in performance and graphics the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the games look significantly better . 4k and hdr games look great . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . menus are fast . there is noticeable performance improvements . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . there is no noise during gameplay . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it has fast , great graphics . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####it can produce amazing graphics . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . this console has plenty of space . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####hdr games are spectacular . my fan is dead quiet . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the exclusive games are good . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . the fan is super loud ! multitasking is impressive . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it change the quality of all games . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the picture is amazing . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the exclusive games are good . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . the fan is super loud ! the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics are amazing . there are many options for games and the exclusives . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the additional capacity is great . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i traded my regular ps4 in for the pro and it has been an awesome decision despite not being a hardcore gamer . i do not get the utilization as my vizio 4k tv does not support hdr on hdmi ( but does in iapp , wth ? ! ? ) nonetheless still makes a huge difference in picture quality . i watch a lot of movies on the epix app in 4k since my cable service is only 1080i####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it makes a huge difference in picture quality . it does not come with a native 4k player . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####the graphics are impressive . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the image quality is amazing . the gaming quality has a huge difference . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv . it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo . final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome , if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory . this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point . the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games . the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center .####the wifi is definitely better . my game looks great in hdr on my oled tv . there is no uhd player . it is a pity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####i could immediately see the difference with games . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the new ps4 has way better performance . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the wifi is definitely better . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the picture is great with my 4k tv . i love the performance of my pro . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are sweet . the extra space is wonderful . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####graphics are much nicer . the scaling to 4k is great . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####graphics are lifelike . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the fan is a bit loud . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the 4k games are incredible . 4k and hdr games look great . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . my son really started to get into gaming so i picked ps4 pro up so we can take it to the next level . games look great , everything works smooth and we are having a blast . if you are on the fence . the ps5 is still over a year away and will play the same games because it takes a while for developers to create a good amount of games for new systems .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games look great , and everything works smooth . the bluray player is not a 4k . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the screen flickers and then turns black . the addition of 4k capability is great . the exclusive games are good . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the fan is super loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . there is no fps drops . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games look and play fantastic . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . games look better . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . the graphics are amazing . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####it has great graphics . games look better . the 4k support looks great . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it has tons of memory . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the graphics are noticeably superior . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the graphics are significantly better . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are great . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####the 4k quality is amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the hard drive was mal functioning . it has plenty storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the games run smoother . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! the loading times are faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the gaming quality has a huge difference . the console runs faster and smoother . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics are better . it has best picture and framerate . however , the fan is very loud . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . the exclusive games are amazing . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . it is great with a hdr screen . there is no 4k bluray player . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are amazing . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference , and had to have my own take on it . i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance ! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself . love this machine ! playstation rules !####graphics look great and more detailed now . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games are smoother and the 4k experience is worth it . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i already had the original ps4 and it was running perfectly fine but i have a 4k tv and have been really wanting products that can use that technology and there have been really good reviews on the pro . it is also really nice having more hard drive space as well considering 500 gb just isnt enough when they take up a considerable amount for the system hardware and stuff the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . it is nice to have more hard drive space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . resolution is great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . load times take longer . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . the 4k games are incredible . the smoothness in gameplay is big . games run better and menus are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i love the performance of my pro . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is super fast . it has a huge space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it has great graphics . the image quality is amazing . the exclusive games are amazing . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . 4k gaming is also good . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation hardware or software . the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds . i restart the tv to re- establish input connection . i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure . i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####the screen flickers and then turns black . the 4k games are incredible . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####graphics are lifelike . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it does not have a 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are amazing and life like . it has more efficient online gaming . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . i love the performance of my pro . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the smoothness in gameplay is big . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####it has best picture and framerate . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! there is no 4k bluray . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the addition of 4k capability is great . 4k and hdr games look great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are stunning . the games in 4k looks better . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the quality of the video graphics is great . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are much nicer . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the visuals are stunning . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . the console runs faster and smoother . i can stream most video files . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the image quality is amazing . it has great performance , and is much faster . the system is quicker . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the addition of 4k capability is great . the 4k support is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####graphics are fantastic . the image quality is amazing . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . the system is quicker . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i finally decided to upgrade my ps4 , to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far ! and with the 1 tb hard drive i can play more games , and download more apps . the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv .####there is a difference in graphics . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture is amazing with my tv . power is efficient . there is no lags . it has a 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it can produce amazing graphics . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it lacks the 4k bluray . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are noticeably superior . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the resolution boosts . the graphics are amazing . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . 4k gaming experience is good . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half .####it has decent graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has great gameplay . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment . it has horrible load times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . 4k and hdr games look great . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the 4k quality is amazing . you will notice the smoother framerate . you will notice the faster load times . it has plenty storage . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics are great . graphics are much nicer . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the games look significantly better . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . menus are fast . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####graphics look great and more detailed now . the games look significantly better . the 4k was awesome ! menus are fast . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me , i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade ! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4 ! it has wonderful apps , is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console ! i am excited to continue to use and love it !####the picture is great with my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . the fan is not that loud . i am happy with the performance of the ps4 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####uhd 4k is great . ps4 pro is amazing . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . it is extra fast . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it has more efficient online gaming . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the 4k capabilities are terrific . playing games with this system is enjoyable . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the wifi is definitely better . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have had for several months and still love it . games run great and the design is easy on the eyes . cons : can be a bit loud at times and gets hot when doing 4k and long game sessions . i would love to see sound reduction , smaller total size , and run quieter . i am sure their next iteration will fix these and will be a for sure 5 star . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####the 4k games are incredible . games run great and the design is easy . the games have been great so far . it is a bit loud and gets hot in 4k and long game sessions . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the picture is amazing . the graphics are amazing . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####it has better graphics and framerate . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it has best picture and framerate . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####the graphics are impressive . it has more efficient online gaming . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the menus and games are amazing . the speed is amazing . the quality of the product is amazing . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is a difference in graphics . it has best picture and framerate . it is not a 4k bluray player . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . the addition of 4k capability is great . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####the graphics are amazing . the system is really quiet . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the picture quality is impressive . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the exclusive games are good . the games load up fast . the fan is super loud ! load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty great 4k capabilities and enhanced performance but honestly sony should have done more . more reason for folks with a ps4 to upgrade . there is barely any reason except to take advantage of 4k . if you do not have a 4k tv then do not even think about upgrading . as a whole though , if you are in the market to purchase a new console , then this is the definitely the right choice for you . here to hoping they release a bundle soon . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####pretty great 4k capabilities and enhanced performance . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . however , if you do not have a 4k tv then do not upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it has best picture and framerate . processor is faster . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the graphics are amazing . the image quality is amazing . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . the system is really quiet . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the games look significantly better . games run smoother . menus are fast . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####uhd 4k is great . you can do all kinds of things . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console is one of the best on the market today . ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr . you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work . i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform . five stars out of five stars for me . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . this is a great consolel that does hdr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####games are better in resolution . the exclusive games are amazing . performance is better . games run smoothes . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####there is no fps drops . the graphics are amazing and life like . the 4k support looks great . games look and play fantastic . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . basically a standard ps4 with a bit more power and 4k compatibility . i have to say , the upscale looks awesome on my 65 4k samsung 8500. and the full 4k games ? my $ 2k laptop does not even touch 4k at these framerate . at the end of the day , it is a great console for the money , and even better if you have a 4k tv to display it on . no 4k bluray support . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the games look significantly better . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . menus are fast . the upscale looks awesome on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the picture is great with my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . hdr games are spectacular . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . it has fast , great graphics . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####there is no fps drops . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . games look and play fantastic . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . graphics are lifelike . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the 4k output is gorgeous . graphics are lifelike . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the 4k games are incredible . the console runs faster and smoother . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . it has near 4k graphics . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the wifi is definitely better . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the console runs faster and smoother . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes . the console runs faster and smoother . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . games look better . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . the games have been great so far . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the vr was easy to use . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the additional capacity is great . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . i could immediately see the difference with games . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are better . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played .####the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . you can do all kinds of things . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are lifelike . the games load up fast . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . resolution is great . it does not come with a native 4k player . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the performance of vr is awesome . there is no noise during gameplay . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture is amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the enhanced graphics are great . graphics are much nicer . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! this console is faster , smoother and the high functionality on the graphics end is super incredible . i own a 4k tv so i needed this upgrade and transferring from the original ps4 to the ps4 pro has never been easier . the game imageries are stunning especially with horizon zero dawn.forget vr because you feel like you are actually in the moment with the character . downloads are faster and 1 tb storage is obviously a huge plus . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####downloads are faster . uhd 4k is great . the game imageries are stunning . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 1 tb storage is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . there is no noise during gameplay . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . i could immediately see the difference with games . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel .####the download speed are faster as well . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . graphics are lifelike . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive .####there is no fps drops . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . games look and play fantastic . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the image quality is amazing . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system is quicker . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the image quality is amazing . the games look significantly better . games looks and plays great . menus are fast . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony .####the addition of 4k capability is great . graphics is very very good . the games run smoother . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the loading times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture is amazing . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games look great and controllers are nice . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it has great performance , and is much faster . multitasking is impressive . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money !####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . load times take longer . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the 4k support looks great . the fan is not that loud . it had no issues .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the download speed are faster as well . performance and graphics are great . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . i could immediately see the difference with games . however , i have not noticed a speed difference . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the scaling to 4k is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i bought a 75 '' qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice . games look better and the new system is faster . i can not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr ultra hd movies and the xbox x does . it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . games look better . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . however , it does not play hdr or ultra hd movies . the new system is faster .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the 4k quality is amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it has plenty storage . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i bought this console so that i could play a couple ps4 games that i had my heart set on but quickly fell in love with the other features of the ps4 as well . in addition to gaming , i use my ps4 regularly to watch tv movies videos with apps like hbo , youtube , mlb.tv , espn , and listen to music with spotify . with the ps4 in my living room , i rarely need another device for home entertainment . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the vr was easy to use . it is great with my games . there is no hd bluray drive . it is also great to watch tv , movies , and videos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####games look better . the games look significantly better . the exclusives are so great . menus are fast . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pick this up cause my day one ps4 is dying . setup was a breeze and transferring data between ps4 is so easy just time consuming . details are enhanced on the system . i have a 4k tv and the games that support it are stunning . detail detail detail . it is all about the details . gameplay is silky smooth . only downside to this is the lack of 4k player . really can not believe that sony dint add it to the final version . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . games that support 4k is stunning . they runs smoothly . it lacks a 4k player . it is the only downside . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the visuals are stunning . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent ! i can stream most video files .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games look better . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####graphics are better . the exclusives are so great . gameplay and menus are smoother . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the performance of vr is awesome . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is extra fast . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . 4k gaming is also good . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the extra hard drive space is good . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it is the hdr that makes this shine . visuals are stunning . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics are much nicer . graphics is impressive . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . the performance is impressive . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim####the addition of 4k capability is great . the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . it change the quality of all games . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k games are incredible . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the system looks better on our 4k tv . the graphics are better . there is no noise during gameplay . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . the scaling to 4k is great . it is extra fast . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the console runs faster and smoother . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it does not play games in true 4k . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the games look significantly better . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . menus are fast . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . visuals are stunning . there is no noise during gameplay . the wide variety of titles is second to none . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . the hard drive was mal functioning . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the console runs faster and smoother . i really appreciate the one tb storage . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the 4k output is gorgeous . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the graphics are amazing . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one . i picked up a cooling one for about $ 15 bucks on amazon so problem solved . the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding . was worth the upgrade from the ps4 . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture quality are astounding . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it was worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . it has great graphics . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4 . you can not really notice unless you have a 4k tv . this system is great and my sons love it . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are enhanced for games . the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the ps4 pro offers 1 tb of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . the exclusives are so great . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####it can produce amazing graphics . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the graphics are amazing and life like . this console has plenty of space . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the quality of the video graphics is great . graphics are much nicer . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the enhanced graphics are great . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the hard drive space is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the graphics are amazing and life like . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it does not come with a native 4k player . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the 4k output is gorgeous . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i originally owned the first release edition ps4 . which worked great for years but lately i noticed things were taking longer and the fan was awful . about a month ago i got the pro and it was amazing . it runs so much better than my old console . and while you will need to own a 4k tv to truly experience the better graphics but even with my regular tv there was a definite improvement .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there was a definite improvement even with my regular tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity . while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4 , it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console . if you have the extra money and a 4k tv , it is worth the money . otherwise , i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim####the ps4 pro is great with a 4k tv . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####graphics are lifelike . i notice very little difference in graphics . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . i really appreciate the one tb storage . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics is impressive . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not come with a native 4k player . system works great . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the 4k games are incredible . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the memory are upgraded . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####the picture is amazing . i could immediately see the difference with games . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . there are many options for games and the exclusives . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the graphics are stunning . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . load times are faster . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####graphics are much nicer . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 .####it has great graphics . the graphics and the processor speed is great ! it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased the pro about a year after i purchased the original ps4 . i game on a 1080p screen so i was really just looking to increase performance and framerate which it has done fairly well . seems to be a lot quieter and load times have improved on older games with the latest firmware update . not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####it seems to be quieter and load times have improved . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing ! it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is not a necessary update if you already own a ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####it does not play games in true 4k . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . games look great and controllers are nice . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the exclusive games are amazing . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven !####it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics and framerate are top notch . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####it can produce amazing graphics . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . this console has plenty of space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####the image quality is amazing . graphics are better and faster . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the 4k games are incredible . the one tb storage is great . the additional capacity is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it does not play games in true 4k . 4k gaming is also good . the graphics are unreal . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . it change the quality of all games . it is super fast . it has a huge space . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the quality of the video graphics is great . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####graphics are much nicer . it does not support 4k bluray discs . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the image quality is amazing . the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . load times are faster . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics are fantastic . it has best picture and framerate . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . you will notice the smoother framerate . it has best picture and framerate . it has better graphics . you will notice the faster load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####the menus and games are amazing . the games have been great so far . the speed is amazing . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the quality of the product is amazing . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the bluray is really good . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first i was not sure bout ps4 pro but now reading more bout it ended up buying it , also dont care of 4k player bcuz the pro can upscale regular bluray movies and games to 4k resolution.i also have a 50 \u2018 4ktv so cant wait.its funny how people wine and grone bout ps4 pro not 4k player.to me its okay at least it has an upscaler feature i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the pro upscales bluray movies and games to 4k resolution . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusives are great . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####it does not play games in true 4k . it has best picture and framerate . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior . the graphics are great and so is the sound . not much difference in the menu ; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options . the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd bluray . great unit and expected nothing less from sony . can not wait for the next gen unit .####it has great graphics . it is great . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . however , it does not play 4k uhd bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the exclusive games are amazing . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday , and even made the switch to playstation . the last console i had was a 360 , so i was definitely due for an upgrade . the console is beautiful , everything works great . the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet . i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro , it is worth it .####the graphics are amazing . graphics are lifelike . the graphics are sweet . the system is really quiet . the extra space is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####it has best picture and framerate . the games have faster framerate . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the graphics are great . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the system could not play my 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the download speed are faster as well . the graphics and speed are amazing ! the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####the wifi is definitely better . games look awesome on my 4k tv . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####ps4 pro is amazing . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . it is extra fast . it has great games . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the smoothness in gameplay is big .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####there is a difference in graphics . the 4k quality is amazing . the image quality is amazing . power is efficient . there is no lags . the system is quicker . it has plenty storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it does not come with a native 4k player . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####it can produce amazing graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down ! the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####visuals are stunning . i could immediately see the difference with games . the wide variety of titles is second to none . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the 4k games are incredible . the visuals are stunning . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the 4k games are incredible . 4k and hdr games look great . games run smoother . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes .####games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was hesitant to upgrade based on some reviews i would read but with horizon zero dawn coming out i thought it was time . so far i have had a great experience with the system . runs smoothly , and 4k games are gorgeous . horizon and uncharted 4 are noticeably better on pspro . to be honest have not played many other games on it though , and that where it seems many other reviewers have run into issues . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####the 4k output is gorgeous . 4k games are gorgeous . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . it does not support 4k bluray discs . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust . one thing for sure though , games do run much smoother . some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference . ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro . my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3 . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####games do run much smoother . the additional capacity is great . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####these new systems require the internet . the 4k output is gorgeous . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . the graphics are amazing . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i upgraded from the og ps4 and have noticed a big difference . i got this primarily for the psvr and i can not say that it is night and day but does run much smoother and all the small improvements do make for a noticeable difference . i am able to play for a longer period of time with little to no eye strain and really enjoy the small upgrades and further draw distances .####the 4k games are incredible . the exclusives are so great . it runs much smoother and makes a noticeable difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power .####the quality of the video graphics is great . games look better . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it made a difference in performance and graphics the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####the graphics are pretty amazing . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all .####there is a difference in graphics . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . performance and graphics are great . it does not come with a native 4k player . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####uhd 4k is great . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the addition of 4k capability is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . the pro is a worthy upgrade to the ps4 slim . the main differences are really showcased if you have a 4k tv with hdr . if the software take advantage , you will be showcased a beautiful spectacle of gaming , full high dynamic range in great detail . uncharted , gran turismo , and particularly the new god of war are just breathtaking . even games like fortnite with benefit from larger draw distances and zippier load times . the standard in consoles .####graphics are lifelike . the image quality is amazing . you will have a spectacle gaming with great detail . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the smoothness in gameplay is big . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####the games in 4k looks better . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either .####the wifi is definitely better . uhd 4k is great . graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had this for about a month now . i upgraded from a launch day ps4 and this system is much quieter and does not get as warm as my old ps4 did . games also play much better . god of war was so much smoother on this system over my old one . i would recommend this even if you do not have 4k just for the improvement in gameplay . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . games are much better . it is much quieter . it does not get too warm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####graphics are much nicer . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the graphics are amazing . the gaming quality has a huge difference . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well .####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####games look awesome on my 4k tv . graphics are lifelike . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture quality is impressive . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games load up fast . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it made a difference in performance and graphics if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the hd quality is better than any device i have . the bluray player is not a 4k . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . it looks great on my 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the 4k games are incredible . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . life long gamer . had the ps2 , ps3 ( three different models ) , and this is my second ps4 ( destiny 1 edition was my first ) . noticably better graphics and framerate . still not as good as my pc , which i consider middle of the road . but sony has some of the best exclusives , and i am happy to buy this to play them .####the wifi is definitely better . the picture quality is impressive . it has better graphics and framerate . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . graphics are much nicer . it does not come with a native 4k player . load times take longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . the addition of 4k capability is great . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . the bluray player is not a 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . honestly , unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4 , i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro , unless you have a 4k tv , but since the ps4 is not true 4k , it is really a conditional purchase . i bought it as a replacement unit . got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro.waiting for a game to impress me with the pro . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it is a conditional purchase , since the ps4 is not true 4k .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives . it will be fun they said . it is fun , decent graphics . great gameplay . horrible load times . all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever , swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo , all good now , cut load times in half . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####graphics are much nicer . it has decent graphics . it is great with a hdr screen . it has great gameplay . it has horrible load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####these new systems require the internet . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the graphics are amazing . 4k and hdr games look great . the fan is a bit loud . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the visuals are stunning . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . it has best picture and framerate . it has a 1 tb drive . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase .####visuals are stunning . the vr was easy to use . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the wide variety of titles is second to none . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing ! the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the bluray is really good . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics are much nicer . there is no noise during gameplay . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics are amazing . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the system is really quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console . there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this . the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud . this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the exclusives are great . games look great and controllers are nice . the device heats up often and gets really loud sometimes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be . have not noticed a speed difference . why not just make it a capable 4k player , xbox found a way to do that . like most , end of the day , if a person can afford it , it is worth the upgrade from the ps4 . if you are just getting 1 , definitely get the pro . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the upgraded graphics are noticeable . graphics are lifelike . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . however , i have not noticed a speed difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the games can be played in 4k . the exclusive games are amazing . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the 4k was awesome ! the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####performance and graphics are great . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you####it can produce amazing graphics . this console has plenty of space . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i was having issues with my original ps4 . updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup . the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance . i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the new ps4 has way better performance . i use it to stream 4k from amazon and netflix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####it is the hdr that makes this shine . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the performance enhancements made this worth . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics look great and more detailed now . the quality of the video graphics is great . it lacks the 4k bluray . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the graphics are stunning . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . the performance is excellent ! if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i got the console day one since i wanted to have my 4k horizon : zero dawn machine . was worth every penny for that alone , but it is nice to have a console that runs games at higher resolutions textures . the new boost mode makes games that did not used to run at a great framerate on the base ps4 run just fine now , so it is a great machine overall .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . this console runs games at higher resolutions . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not come with a native 4k player . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it has best picture and framerate . the games that supports 4k is astounding . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####graphics are better . the graphics is amazing . gameplay and menus are smoother . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games in 4k looks better . it does not come with a native 4k player . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro . decided to go for it and glad i did . see a difference in performance . this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####graphics are lifelike . it looks great on my 4k tv . my game looks amazing with upscale and hdr . there is a difference in performance . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv . to be honest , the upgrade is noticeable but i was not \u201c wow would \u201d by the difference . the colors and contrast is definitely sharper . i believe the next gen console we will see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the 4k games are incredible . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the upgrade is noticeable but i was not impressed by the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . processor is faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room . it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original . my only complaint is that we can not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time . all in all very happy with the purchase . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . it runs all my games better and runs much quieter than the original . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while , having been a longtime nintendo person . but with the exclusive titles on ps4 , it was time . after doing the research , i decided the pro model was the way to go . it plays amazing , looks amazing on my tv , and it is been hard to put the controller down !####the wifi is definitely better . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it plays amazing and looks amazing on my tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the picture quality is impressive . the graphics are amazing and life like . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the games load up fast . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony !####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the exclusives are so great . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . the console runs faster and smoother . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4 . once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time . the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly . but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant . the graphics are amazing . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . graphics are better . graphics and framerate are top notch . gameplay and menus are smoother . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video .####the 4k quality is amazing . the quality of the video graphics is great . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has plenty storage . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the 4k was awesome ! the games run smoother . the loading times are faster . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####it has fast , great graphics . the games have faster framerate . the size of the updates are huge . i could immediately see the difference with games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great system overall . nice upgrade from a launch ps4 , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen . noticeable performance improvements as well ! can not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear####it has best picture and framerate . my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . for display aspect , 4k and hdr games look incredible ! there is no more lag when hopping back and forth . there is noticeable performance improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . playing games with this system is enjoyable . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####graphics and framerate are top notch . graphics is impressive . the exclusives are so great . the performance is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####however , there may be a wifi issue . it does not play games in true 4k . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . resolution is great . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the additional capacity is great . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the graphics are better . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i love this console . they have the best exclusive games as well as content . hits like god of war , horizon zero dawn , detroit become human , uncharted , last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique . all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4 . hands down best console####the image quality is amazing . sony has the best exclusive games and content . the system is quicker . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####it does not play games in true 4k . the 4k games are incredible . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it has great graphics . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphics are stunning . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the performance is excellent ! it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . everything runs in upscaled 4k . hard to notice the difference between native . console runs quietly and cool . upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times . no uhd bluray but i can not remember when i bought a bluray last . streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway . great build quality ! i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play .####everything runs in upscaled 4k . there is no difference between native . the graphics are better . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot .####i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the hard drive was mal functioning . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it . its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance . i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase , especially while using playstation vr . a great console , digital store , video player and entertainment device all in one . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####uhd 4k is great . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . there is a performance increase , especially while using vr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####graphics are fantastic . it has best picture and framerate . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . it is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are stunning . ps4 pro is amazing . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is extra fast . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first i was not sure bout ps4 pro but now reading more bout it ended up buying it , also dont care of 4k player bcuz the pro can upscale regular bluray movies and games to 4k resolution.i also have a 50 \u2018 4ktv so cant wait.its funny how people wine and grone bout ps4 pro not 4k player.to me its okay at least it has an upscaler feature fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the pro upscales bluray movies and games to 4k resolution . it has fast , great graphics . it has best picture and framerate . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one .####the graphics are amazing . images and video are much smoother than ps4 . processor is faster . the system is really quiet . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics is impressive . the performance is impressive . this console has plenty of space . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . it lacks the 4k bluray . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the scaling to 4k is great . this does not lag on games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####playstation 4 plays bluray cds . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! images and video are much smoother than ps4 . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro . my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr . while it is not significant in certain games ( driveclub vr ) you definitely can notice it in others ( batman ) . along with the 1 tb hard drive , i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####i could immediately see the difference with games . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . the extra processing power for psvr is noticeable in some vr games . the 1 tb hard drive is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the graphics look amazing . the graphics are stunning . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is a difference when playing games . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####graphics are better and faster . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the picture quality is impressive . it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the games load up fast . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . the vr was easy to use . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####this does not lag on games . the bluray is really good . the console runs faster and smoother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the image quality is amazing . graphics are better and faster . games run smoother . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper , but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems . the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3 , but ergonomically i think that great and it is not much of a difference . the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems .####the download speed are faster as well . i could immediately see the difference with games . the controller is bigger and the menu is easier to navigate . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####there is a difference in graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####uhd 4k is great . the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####graphics are lifelike . the fan is much quieter . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster .####ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . the 4k output is gorgeous . the exclusives are so great . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the image quality is amazing . the system is quicker . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . vr capabilities really are state of the art . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . the system runs perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####it has great graphics . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####there is a difference in graphics . it has best picture and framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the wifi is definitely better . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . it has great performance , and is much faster . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the graphics are impressive . i could immediately see the difference with games . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####it has fast , great graphics . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the size of the updates are huge . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one .####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the graphics are great . the system could not play my 4k movies . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it supports 4k and hdr video . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the graphics are amazing . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something . so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say.the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs . it is very fast , and the vr was easy to use . downside is no hd bluray drive . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the system looks better on our 4k tv . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the vr was easy to use . there is no noise during gameplay . there is no hd bluray drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great , but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics . other than that , i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out . not too much of difference from slim or base ps4 . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are great , but the xbox one x has better 4k hdr graphics . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine . load times are faster , more apps stay open in background , most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility , larger hd , and more . i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution , fps , etc . once you play on 4k hdr tv , you will not ever go back . great job sony ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay .####more games update for hdr and 4k compatibility . the 4k games are incredible . the system looks better on our 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . load times are faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability .####graphics are much nicer . resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a 4k gaming machine , but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower . in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv . you will notice a faster load times and smoother framerate . if you decide to install a sshd drive , you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####you will notice the smoother framerate . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 4k support looks great . you will notice the faster load times . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics are amazing and life like . ps4 pro is amazing . it change the quality of all games . it is extra fast . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . impressive console . i have an xbox x ans i bought this for the exclusives . god of war , uncharted series ( carve out a weekend for these games ) and mlb the show . consoles are similar , bluray is not 4k , but it will stream 4k . ease of use to set up compared to an xbox is similar . downside is placement of the d pad and constant need to charge controllers . buy the exclusives , you can not go wrong ! i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusives are great ! playstation 4 plays bluray cds . bluray does not play 4k . but it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the 4k support looks great . the exclusives are so great . the gaming quality has a huge difference . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great !####the quality of the video graphics is great . it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . the exclusive games are amazing . it is super fast . it has a huge space . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade , i am glad i did . i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better . i with the recent update , adding boost mode , it makes the early games look even better . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the games in 4k looks better . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven !####it has great graphics . there is no uhd player . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####the 4k games are incredible . it is a superior gaming machine . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the 4k quality is amazing . it has plenty storage . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####uhd 4k is great . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the picture is great with my 4k tv . the fan is not that loud . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the wifi is definitely better . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the 4k is great on my big screen . graphics are lifelike . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the storage is great for all my games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the performance of vr is awesome . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming ! i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the system is quicker with loading . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####resolution is great . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the graphics are unreal . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the exclusives are so great . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier .####the wifi is definitely better . it looks amazing on my uhd tv . games looks and plays great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####it can not connect to the internet . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the games look significantly better . menus are fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) .####the addition of 4k capability is great . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is a superior gaming machine . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player . i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65 '' js8500 4k hdtv . first game i tested out was `` the last of us remastered '' and definitely noticed the difference . the colors and graphics are amazing . i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1 tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable .####these new systems require the internet . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . the differences are noticeable . the colors and graphics are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i purchased this item on black friday and received it with an hdmi cable that was not working . needless to say , it was scary setting everything up and not seeing anything show up on the tv . when the hdmi cable was changed , we breathed a sigh of relief that we did not receive a completely faulty console . aside from the faulty cable , it has been operating fine so far . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the hdmi cable is not working . after changing , everything operates fine . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had . well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal . i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one . the graphics are more impressive . the last of us , uncharted 4 , and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family , we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth . if you have a 4k tv , it is worth the upgrade . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player####the graphics are impressive . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the graphics are crisp and smooth . the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player . the 4k streaming is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . ps4 pro is amazing . the exclusive games are good . it is extra fast . the fan is super loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####there is no fps drops . games look better . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . games look and play fantastic . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $ 100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside .that why i have an xbox one s also####the exclusives are so great . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . it was worth the improvement even if it is minimal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player . since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####there is a difference in graphics . graphics are nice , too . graphics are lifelike . it is not a 4k bluray player . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the 4k output is gorgeous . this does not lag on games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost . the answer to that is a thousand times yes ! the graphics are significantly better . there is no motion blur ( especially when playing games like call of duty ) . if you are looking for a sign whether you should buy it . place the order ! it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage .####the graphics are significantly better . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are noticeably superior . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . the smoothness in gameplay is big . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . load time was a lot quicker . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####however , there may be a wifi issue . graphics are lifelike . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i originally had the ps4 , after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro . i was glad i did ! more memory and faster . games on a 4k display are much better . better graphics . i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system remote . if you have 4k display you should upgrade .####games on a 4k display are much better . it has better graphics . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . load time was a lot quicker . it has more memory and is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are noticeably superior . it lacks the 4k bluray . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly . i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it , but even so , i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship . the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the games have faster framerate . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the extra space is a huge plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again !####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . uhd 4k is great . the performance of vr is awesome . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no noise during gameplay . the bluray is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . it looks great on my 4k tv . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are pretty amazing . the bluray player is not a 4k . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . the fan is not that loud . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####visuals are stunning . games look great and controllers are nice . the wide variety of titles is second to none . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . joining the ps4 family late in the game , i am truly blow away with the power of this the system . visuals are stunning , sound wonderful , and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game . further , the wide variety of available titles is second to none . a solid purchase . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the image quality is amazing . visuals are stunning . the graphics is amazing . the wide variety of titles is second to none . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####i notice very little difference in graphics . the games have been great so far . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i purchased this gaming console and after 3 days brought it back to the store for an exchange because i thought it had faulty wifi connection . it would just drop connection repeatedly . the new system did the same thing ( with our router right next to it . ) we ended up hardwiring to keep connection and now do not have any issues . however , i do not know that i would have upgraded from our regular ps4 had i read about all the connection issues beforehand .####it had faulty wifi connection . it has best picture and framerate . i could immediately see the difference with games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are pretty amazing . the exclusives are so great . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate .####there are extra usb ports . the 4k games are incredible . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same .####it can produce amazing graphics . the 4k games are incredible . the heating and noise comments are true . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! the graphics and speed are amazing ! i love the performance of my pro . the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated . the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv . one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4 .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . streaming and game recording has a higher resolution . the fan is much quieter . the increased power of ps4 pro is great with a 1080p tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the graphics look amazing . the graphics are amazing . there is a difference when playing games . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . great product , expected nothing less from playstation . love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games . best buy had the best deal searching all over the web . the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the 4k is great on my big screen . the exclusives are so great . the storage is great for all my games . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####the 4k output is gorgeous . it looks nice on my 4k tv . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . ps4 pro is a great console . you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps . images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4 . thicker than normal usb flash drives will not fit in the front . it is a very powerful and durable system . the os is much better than xbox one . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####images and video are much smoother than ps4 . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought this for a gift , took it overseas , and found out the hard drive was mal functioning ( device turns off after turning on ) . we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally . by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it has best picture and framerate . the console runs faster and smoother . the hard drive was mal functioning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it can produce amazing graphics . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . it has best picture and framerate . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the addition of 4k capability is great . pictures are great on 4k tvs . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again !####the 4k output is gorgeous . uhd 4k is great . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr . the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color . it does not come with a native 4k player . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . i could immediately see the difference with games . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####there is a difference in graphics . it does not play games in true 4k . games look awesome on my 4k tv . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . power is efficient . there is no lags . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great . did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system , i figured it is worth it . faster load and download times especially during system upgrades . of course better graphics . best price for it during the holidays get it while you can ! and the the pro enhances the psvr as well .####it has faster load and download times during system upgrades . the graphics are pretty amazing . it has better graphics . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics are much nicer . it is so real ! the clarity is perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . uhd 4k is great . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k was awesome ! games run better and menus are faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently upgraded , finally , to a 4k tv . i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong . the clarity is just perfection . any game you play it is like your really there . my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv !####it is so real ! the clarity is perfect ! the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the performance of vr is awesome . you can do all kinds of things . the games that supports 4k is astounding . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . using this on my 4k tv looks amazing , horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect . i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between framerate and resolution . it is not going to give you computer level options , but for $ 400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running .####using this on my 4k tv looks amazing . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect .####games look better . the graphics are unreal . the exclusives are so great . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it has great graphics . the graphics are amazing . games look amazing . they run very smooth . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the exclusive games are amazing . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the memory are upgraded . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####the wifi is definitely better . it has great graphics . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####it looks great on my 4k tv . it is the hdr that makes this shine . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it does not play games in true 4k . it lacks the 4k bluray . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####it does not play games in true 4k . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it does not have a true 4k bluray player . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####the graphics are amazing . the heating and noise comments are true . the system is really quiet . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are fantastic . graphics are lifelike . the gaming quality has a huge difference . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this console because i wanted new titles to play and so far im extremely impressed ! i purchased \u201c detroit become human \u201d and it has been a fantastic experience . i also got it because i want to buy a 4k tv which i am doing soon so my gaming experience would be on the next level . this console has made me enjoy games again and i will continue to purchase more titles if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . titles are impressive . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . 4k and hdr games look great . processor is faster . games load faster . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this . been a few months now and i can not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4 . gon na get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####i can not play in 4k , but the picture definitely is better . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . there is no 4k bluray player . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . pictures are great on 4k tvs . the games can be played in 4k . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . however , it can not play 4k movies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the scaling to 4k is great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the system itself is great , tons of memory with the 1 tb storage . but in a home that does not have internet connection , there is hardly any use from it . you have to update the system , upload the games , update the movie player ( all needs internet connection ) . so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has tons of memory . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and or uhd tv with hdr . i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p . in the case of a smaller , non-4k screen , i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i was not going to upgrade to the pro , but there was a deal that was too good to pass up . the picture quality on the games is better , but not quite as good as what my brother xbox one x can do . still , a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv .####many games improves . the picture quality on the games is better , but not as good as xbox one x. for upgrade aspect , it is a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro . i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4 . the smoothness in the gameplay is big . i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4 . so glad i upgraded . it is an ok system . i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4 . games looks and plays great so far on it . one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####it has better connection speeds than the normal ps4 . graphics are lifelike . the smoothness in gameplay is big . games looks and plays great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model . the graphics on the games are unreal . i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it . i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the graphics are unreal . the bluray player is not a 4k . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####the wifi is definitely better . it has great graphics . the graphics are stunning . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the fan is much quieter . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased . i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i can not believe how well this one performs . best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too ! definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased .####the 4k optimized games look amazing . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv . as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far . one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one . overall , ps4 has a user friendly interface , great games , and great visuals . 5 stars .####it has fast , great graphics . ps4 has a user friendly interface , and great visuals . the exclusives are so great . the size of the updates are huge . it has great games . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year ! got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc . it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games , which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable .####the exclusive games are amazing . it does not feel so good . the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc . it does not accept any cds . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation . i am very pleased with this console . i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo i play . only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the games have been great so far . this does not lag on games . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics are amazing . the 4k capabilities are terrific . the system is really quiet . the console runs faster and smoother . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer .####it can produce amazing graphics . graphics are much nicer . there is no uhd player . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the picture quality is impressive . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the games load up fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . the gaming quality has a huge difference . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the system is quicker with loading . it is worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are amazing and life like . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . it lacks the 4k bluray . the system is fast . i also love the extra space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . the games look significantly better . menus are fast . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv ! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system . love how fast the system is & plus the extra space ! it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro , and it is been terrific so far . paired with a 4k tv this is excellent . the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too , do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k capabilities are terrific . it does not have a 4k dvd player . it is the only downfall . the system is fast . i also love the extra space . the memory are upgraded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it can produce amazing graphics . the graphics are pretty amazing . it is the hdr that makes this shine . the performance enhancements made this worth . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled . hdr games are spectacular . the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted . i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet . it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was .####the graphics are amazing . hdr games are spectacular . the exclusive games are good . the system is really quiet . the fan is super loud ! my fan is dead quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything ! i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the 4k was awesome ! it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the fan is much quieter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the graphics are amazing . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first i was not sure bout ps4 pro but now reading more bout it ended up buying it , also dont care of 4k player bcuz the pro can upscale regular bluray movies and games to 4k resolution.i also have a 50 \u2018 4ktv so cant wait.its funny how people wine and grone bout ps4 pro not 4k player.to me its okay at least it has an upscaler feature i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the pro upscales bluray movies and games to 4k resolution . i could immediately see the difference with games . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####the games look significantly better . menus are fast . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet . it made a difference in performance and graphics", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####graphics are fantastic . the games have been great so far . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . it is a sleek system with good visuals . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the same as ps4 , so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade . however , if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro . it is super fast with a huge space to download games . true hd and or 4k gaming experience , graphics are so real for some games . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie .####it has true hd and 4k gaming experience . the graphics are so real . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it is super fast . it has a huge space . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4.i was wrong . this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well . it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have . there is a ton more content out to be explored .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the games are more detailed and realistic without lag . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . great updated system resolution , processor is faster , fan is quieter , the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system . for anyone who a fan of ps4 this is the system to get . highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you will not see its full capability . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . resolution is great . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is faster . the fan is quieter . the lag is not noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the graphics are amazing . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have had for several months and still love it . games run great and the design is easy on the eyes . cons : can be a bit loud at times and gets hot when doing 4k and long game sessions . i would love to see sound reduction , smaller total size , and run quieter . i am sure their next iteration will fix these and will be a for sure 5 star . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the addition of 4k capability is great . games run great and the design is easy . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is a bit loud and gets hot in 4k and long game sessions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worth the money if you are just getting into consoles , but if you already have a ps4 i would save the money , not worth the upgrade , but overall a great console . also worth noting it performs better with the psvr , other than that if that not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the fan is much quieter . if you already have a ps4 , it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k . i already owned the original ps4 , and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original ( os and menus ) . it took a long time ( around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 data to the new one , but the 4k optimized games look amazing , and everything runs better too ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player .####the 4k optimized games look amazing . pictures are great on 4k tvs . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 the first thing you will notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4 . the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look . ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version , with a larger 1 tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . it supports 4k and hdr video . it has a larger 1 tb hard drive . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games look awesome on my 4k tv . there is no uhd player . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing . too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal . the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k . you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . the picture is amazing . the image quality is amazing . the bluray player is not a 4k . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####the wifi is definitely better . you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original . if you do t have 4k i can not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k ! the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version . you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers . casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro .####the graphics and speed are amazing ! the enhanced graphics are great . the hard drive space is a plus . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####the 4k output is gorgeous . graphics are better . graphics are lifelike . gameplay and menus are smoother . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####the addition of 4k capability is great . games look amazing . they run very smooth . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage .####downloads seem faster . the games feel smoother . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . processor is faster . the console runs faster and smoother . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade . the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me . based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment . just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box .####games look better . graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the new processor and gpu is worth the investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3 . i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that future proofed . i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing . the playstation store also runs much smoother . if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the playstation store also runs smoother . the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . the graphics and speed are amazing . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox .####it has best picture and framerate . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint . great game quality on this , great to use when you do not have cable , more user friendly physical interface making the dvd game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console . great upgrade console & even better first time game system the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money .####it has great game quality . the interface is user friendly . the resolution boosts . it change the quality of all games . 4k gaming experience is good . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the image quality is amazing . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . the system is quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions . well finally i have a system that will utilize the 4k native resolution . and when the games are given the patch for it , it is worth every penny spent on the system . amazing and better processing power . plus the graphics boost during the vr experiences makes this the go to system . if you have your old ps4 system you will also get trade in value for the system . this will knock the price down . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . graphics boost during vr experiences . the fan is much quieter . the processing power is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . the picture is great with my 4k tv . there is no uhd player . it has great performance , and is much faster . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv , this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port . that being said , the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive . i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3 . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the visuals are stunning . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games . i can stream most video files .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 ! the graphics are amazing . seems like no load screens . played horizon zero dawn , battlefront , and madden 17 so far . these new systems pretty much require the internet . it is awesome if you have internet , if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player .####the wifi is definitely better . these new systems require the internet . the graphics are amazing . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better !####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the graphics are stunning . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo ! ( yes it is been that long lol ) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years . this system is awesome ! easy to set up , easy to use , and works great with my new 4k tv ! this thing is a beast ! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####the wifi is definitely better . games look great and controllers are nice . this system is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are lifelike . you can do all kinds of things . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i am an xbox guy , but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games , such as horizon zero dawn . i love the graphics , and the processor speed . the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox . i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford series , but the main games will be moving over to the ps4 . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####the wifi is definitely better . the graphics are amazing and life like . the graphics and the processor speed is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. mind you i had a perfectly fine ps4 but the problem was i was looking into buying a new hard drive due to the 500gb had been used up and this bad boy 1 tb what more could i ask for ? 4k quality faster processor , i thought there was going to be a huge size difference but no it is basically the same size does not take up anymore space on my shelf it is perfect####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has 4k quality . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has a faster processor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $ 400 . currently , the ps4 pro is by far a superior `` gaming '' machine for the $ spent . i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine . ( which will likely come after sony releases their 4k bluray player coming out in early 2017 ) . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . it is a superior gaming machine . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it is extra fast . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . you can do all kinds of things . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . since i already have a 4k tv , i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while . it was on sale , so i purchased it . the larger hard drive , speed , and graphics are nice for the games . i have been playing detroit become human , among other games on this console . we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful .####graphics are nice , too . graphics are lifelike . hard drive is larger . the speed is nice . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . a minimal update on the original playstation 4 , the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k tv and or wish to play specific games in 60fps . not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general . the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of tv . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####games look better . the image quality is amazing . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the system is quicker . only recommended if you have a 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing ! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button . and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i have gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the wifi is definitely better . if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing ! the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4 . the ps4 pro does not disappoint . it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times , navigating the menu , and game performance . the 4k support is great too . i will eventually get the vr with this . if you are wondering whether to upgrade , i recommend it , just sell your old ps4 . i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the 4k games are incredible . the 4k support is great . it outperforms the ps4 in loading times and game performance . the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the system looks better on our 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . it has near 4k graphics . there is no noise during gameplay . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####it looks nice on my 4k tv . ps4 pro is amazing . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . it is extra fast . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities .####the wifi is definitely better . ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility . it is been great with the games and good quality for bluray and dvd . the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well . we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####however , there may be a wifi issue . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . there is no 4k bluray player . the bluray and dvd have good quality . the hd compatibility is also good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the addition of 4k capability is great . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . games look pretty good . it does not have a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####the graphics are better . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no uhd player .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead . i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes . the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal . i will be enjoying this for years ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played .####the 4k games are incredible . the gameplay is fast and smooth . the performance and graphics with games is phenomenal . you can do all kinds of things . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . also love that it is a 4k player . only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one . other than that it is a great system .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4 . load times take longer . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv .####graphics look great and more detailed now . the improved graphics are phenomenal ! games look awesome on my 4k tv . it lacks the 4k bluray . i love the performance of my pro . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling `` get some '' as they kill me , they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player .####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the gaming quality has a huge difference . i had wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv . some games look amazing , others just run very smooth . if you do not have a 4k tv , i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro , however if you do get one , it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential . my new ps4 pro , takes more than 1 minute to turn on , does not accept any cd.gaming feels not so good . it doesnt work properly.thats sad ! im from brazil , best buy said that could not do anything , and to reach sony . hope can make this this year !####games look amazing . they run very smooth . it does not feel so good . it does not support 4k bluray discs . it does not accept any cds . system works great . it takes more than 1 minute to turn on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games . the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4 . i can not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm . bought my first ps4 on launch day , zero issues since , i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year . ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv . highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv .####the games run smoother . ps4 pro works great with my 4k tv . the loading times are faster . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . i absolutely love my ps4 pro . it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4 , and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about . if you only need 4k gaming and streaming , them this is the one for you . sorry no 4k bluray . look to the xb1x for that .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . it does not play 4k bluray discs . there is no 4k bluray . it streams 4k . 4k gaming and streaming is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "obviously , the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the near future . other than the higher picture quality , i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time , so the extra space has been much more convenient . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####the console runs faster and smoother . i really enjoy having 1 tb in space . the ps4 pro is for someone with a 4k tv . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####it has best picture and framerate . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it . it is not expensive , however in order to enjoy fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset , ps camera and controllers . also this console will not show you for 100 % what it actually can do . so you have to have 4k monitor or tv .####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . to enjoy it fully , you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset and controllers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . buttery smoove interface , havent seen a hiccup yet . it takes everything i throw at it . i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful ! anyway , if you have a ps4 already , it may not be a huge upgrade to you.unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics ( which is why i chose this one as well ) i am loving it !####you get gorgeous graphics if you have a 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it may not be a huge upgrade if you have a ps4 already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . we were coming from an xbox , so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center . there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal . that our only complaint . if your entertainment center is away from your tv , you will have your cables exposed . otherwise , my family gets a kick out of the vr headset . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the 4k games are incredible . games are nice and smooth . vr is crazy ! i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####the wifi is definitely better . performance and graphics are great . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . this playstation is the real deal . i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems . you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever . hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played . i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper . while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet . good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on . the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars .####you can do all kinds of things . there is not enough good games yet . it does have a bigger hard drive . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome . it is one of the best systems i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase .####the graphics are amazing . the graphics are noticeably superior . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the system is really quiet . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k . honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better . best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent . i would totally recommend going to this best buy i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the addition of 4k capability is great . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . the gaming quality has a huge difference . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 got the system to go along with my 4k tv . where applicable the graphics are great . but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $ 500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies . sony really dropped the ball on this one . i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space , 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue . also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy . i am very happy with my purchase . this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are great . 4k gaming is also good . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system could not play my 4k movies . the extra hard drive space is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player . i mean the competition is doing it for $ 100 less and with more features ? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away , but this is a major improvement . even on 1080 the graphics are better , gameplay and menus are soo much smoother , and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####graphics are better . gameplay and menus are smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games . there is no uhd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i have onlly had the system for a short while , but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out , they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####graphics are better and faster . the menus are easy to use . the load time is faster . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the games can be played in 4k . 4k and hdr games look great . playstation 4 plays bluray cds . however , it can not play 4k movies . games load faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the games look significantly better . it has best picture and framerate . menus are fast . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year , i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one . after a year i bought a ps4 . the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate . my only complaint is that it does not play 4k bluray discs , but it will at least stream 4k . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time .####graphics and framerate are top notch . it looks nice on my 4k tv . it does not play 4k bluray discs . it streams 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline although , a pain to switch hdmi for hdr ( which is an absolute+ ) it definately has an effect on the framerate even without patchs on vr . titles where motion sickness is an issue , it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4 . quiet also , have not had the fan come on once . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the framerate has improved . motion sickness is not an issue anymore . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the 4k support looks great . it does not come with a native 4k player . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the graphics are amazing . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the system is really quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last playstation console was the ps2 . over the last year , i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro . it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great . the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the graphics make the gaming experience incredible . i could immediately see the difference with games . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv , the pro is definitely worth considering . key differences over the slim model : extra usb port , 4k streaming capability , games with pro support offer higher resolution and or framerate .####there are extra usb ports . graphics are better and faster . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the games have higher resolution and framerate . the 4k streaming capability is improved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have xbox , and a switch , but this is my first ps4 . i bought it for the vr capabilities , and they really are state of the art . everything is smooth , and the system runs perfectly . this may be the best video game console i have ever owned . and the vr , is a must ! just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox . ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming . performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games . so many games are available in market for ps4 . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience .####graphics are better and faster . graphics and everything runs very smoothly . vr capabilities really are state of the art . the system runs perfectly . performance of ps4 is too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4 . still waiting for updates to fix some bugs , especially with some of the sound aspects . also not sure why the bluray player is not a 4k . $ 100 more than a xbox one s and it has one . system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the graphics are much improved over the older ps4 . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the bluray player is not a 4k . it does not support 4k bluray discs . there is no 4k bluray player . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . it is great with a hdr screen . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####the exclusive games are good . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the fan is super loud ! i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k , but it would not work . i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game . the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well . not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####it would have been great playing in 4k , but mine does not work . picture is still fantastic . the console runs faster and smoother . my games have significant improvements . only worth it if it was a 4k dvd player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a good value for $ 399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k , checkerboard rendering , or a different resolution boost like 1440p . the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money . if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get . it has 4k capability and a whopping 1 tb drive . it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern . there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4 . i got it for the storage and gaming specs . worth to buy for core gaming . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the resolution boosts . it has 4k capability but does not play ultra 4k movies . 4k gaming experience is good . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has a 1 tb drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . the heating and noise comments are true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####uhd 4k is great . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro . glad i did . having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable . also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience . if you do not have a playstation yet . i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . the difference is noticeable with a 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . the system is quicker with loading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games run smoother . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . the games have been great so far . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . the graphics are amazing . ps4 pro offers amazing hdr picture quality . the gameing experience has better picture quality . there are tons of great games . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4 . loads times are about the same . one key feature missing is the 4k bluray drive . but it seems to upscale the bluray . hdr is good on most games that support it . a must to have over the regular ps4 , only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4 . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####hdr is good on most games . visual differences are noticeable . it has best picture and framerate . there is no 4k bluray . but it is upscaled . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars .####it looks great on my 4k tv . the exclusive games are good . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . the fan is super loud ! it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) .####the wifi is definitely better . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . the one tb storage is great . the new hardware design is nice . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####the quality of the video graphics is great . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the games have faster framerate . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the graphics are amazing and life like . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get . i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back . i liked that upon initial start up , you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy . the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console !####the picture quality is impressive . the 4k output is gorgeous . games look great and controllers are nice . the games load up fast . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting a new ps4 , you need to get the pro . if you have an original ps4 , you need to upgrade . if you have psvr , you have to play it on the pro . it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####graphics are lifelike . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . it change the quality of all games . the larger hard drive is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this is my first ever playstation . i always skipped the ps1 , ps2 , and ps3 . some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet . i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it . remember this also needs airflow on the sides , not just the back . i am enjoying it so far , games look pretty good . in addition to 4k tv upscaling optimization , it is the hdr that makes this one shine . horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming . while my original ps4 offered hdr , the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it is the hdr that makes this shine . games look pretty good . the performance enhancements made this worth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . this is the must have console right now . if you have a 4k with hdr tv , this is your gaming console . very noticeable improvements , vr runs seamless with higher framerate . 4k uhd streaming . this is a gaming console first , so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now . stream it , or buy a uhdbd player . the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . it has noticeable improvements . vr runs seamless with higher framerate . the image quality is amazing . it does not have a 4k drive . but it makes sense . the system is quicker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming !####you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics in 4k . the exclusive games are amazing . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this console delivers on respect to graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics . if you already own a ps4 , however , the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i bought a 75 '' qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice . games look better and the new system is faster . i can not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr ultra hd movies and the xbox x does . it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker .####this console is great at graphics , smoothness and clarity for most games . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games look better . it does not come with a native 4k player . however , it does not play hdr or ultra hd movies . the new system is faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made . the quality of the product , the setup , menus , games , speed , features all are simply amazing . no wonder you can buy xbox one all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered . i have had every playstation over the years . i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead ! games look great and controllers are nice . do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore . great console ! this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the menus and games are amazing . games look great and controllers are nice . the speed is amazing . the quality of the product is amazing . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics####there is a difference in graphics . power is efficient . there is no lags . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it made a difference in performance and graphics it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv . i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims . looks somewhat better in hdr , but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4 . i find load times actually take longer . not worth your money ! i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro , finally jumped online and ordered it ! best buy had it in less than an hour ! i am really enjoying it as well , i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####there is no difference in graphics quality . it looks somewhat better in hdr . load times take longer . it made a difference in performance and graphics the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . wow , what an amazing console . the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game , and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection . i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn , to watching a movie . picked up the pro model with god of war . i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out , i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step . if you have an hdr screen , the pro is worth every penny .####graphics look great and more detailed now . it is great with a hdr screen . 4k is beautiful and there is almost no lag . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not had a system since the original ps3 . i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm , it is bigger and kind of slips around a little . i am extremely happy with my purchase , took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction . the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating . now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it looks amazing on my 4k tv . the system looks better on our 4k tv . i do not like the controller , it is bigger . there is no noise during gameplay . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this is a great console , the difference is small in the grand scheme . if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget . it improves framerate and visuals for most games . if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it improves framerate and visuals for most games . the graphics are stunning . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance is excellent ! the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i have been a sony console buyer since late 90. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have . except the slim versions . i prefer the launch consoles . this console is powerful , comes with plenty of space , it is fast , and can produce amazing graphics . best console i have played hands down . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . it can produce amazing graphics . i could immediately see the difference with games . this console has plenty of space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 since day 1. having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car , it just breaths new life to your games . so far , a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements . and the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned .####the games that do not support it , benefit from a better framerate . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the graphics are amazing . playing games with this system is enjoyable . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro . i am glad i went with the pro . it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4 ; i never play the old one anymore . it pairs really well with a sony tv . upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods . this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased , which i was not expecting , but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions .####the 4k output is gorgeous . processor is faster . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . the fan is much quieter . hd movies look better in 4k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro tried out cod : ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing . got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4 . definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor . too bad it is not a 4k bluray player .####there is no fps drops . watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . there is a difference in graphics . games look and play fantastic . playing games with this system is enjoyable . it is not a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the 4k games are incredible . the scaling to 4k is great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . very solid console , though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games . the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great . probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4 , but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####graphics look great and more detailed now . the games that are supported look fantastic and run great . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the graphics are better . it has near 4k graphics . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance . but the xbox is good to for other reasons . if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####the 4k games are incredible . 4k and hdr games look great . games load faster . ps4 pro is better in gaming performance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####i could immediately see the difference with games . load time was a lot quicker . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one , having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox . the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet . overall best gaming system i have owned . not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer .####the graphics are amazing . with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the exclusives are so great . the system is really quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . the build quality is better than the original console , it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box , which is a good thing . while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics , it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway ; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth . i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get , and i tell you it was worth it . the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference , especially in vr .####the build quality is better . the framerate boosts . the supersampling and crispness of games and vr makes the difference . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv , even if you already own a standard ps4 . most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution . especially the first party titles , like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning . also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before ! i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected . the menus are fast . i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster . additionally , pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games .####games are better in resolution . the addition of 4k capability is great . the games look significantly better . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . menus are fast . performance is better . games run smoothes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "system works great , i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k bluray discs . the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would . other than that , it is an amazing system . pair it with the ps vr , and you will be in heaven ! not much really needs to be said , if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv ( sony preferred , i own the 49x900e ) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent####with 4k hdr tv you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming . the graphics are amazing and life like . it does not support 4k bluray discs . system works great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years . hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities . i do not mind about the missing bluray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the # 30 movie once . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the hd quality is better than any device i have . games run smoother . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion####the 4k games are incredible . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are many options for games and the exclusives . i wish it had a 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer . the quality is amazing . but for some reason sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu . i am an avid collector of game consoles and games . i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing . not all content is going to look great . it depends on the quality do the game you put in . out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite .####the picture is amazing on a 4k tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . sometimes the framerate drops and the system freezes during games . the quality is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed . i also had a broken power button on my ps4 . after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker . now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr . simple answer , new much faster processing power . from overall operation , load times and more important.download speeds . just go buy this . the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4 . faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####the download speed are faster as well . graphics and framerate are top notch . load time was a lot quicker . it has faster processing power and load times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta say i am pretty impressed with this console . so far runs every game great , they look amazing compared to the xbox version ( i own both ) . much smother experience with the os also over the xbox . if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv !####the games look amazing . however , there is no need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv . uhd 4k is great . streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . it has much smoother experience compared to xbox . there is no 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) i have been playing with xbox for the past few years , and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console . love the online access , and great graphics . the pro is worth the money , great quality video , and i know when i upgrade my tv i will not have to worry about the quality to go down . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the graphics are great . i could immediately see the difference with games . the video quality is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a great system but if you can not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim standard model would be the way to go . as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage . i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned , i really wish they could have added in a 4k bluray player as well . regardless , the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv ! the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####streaming and gaming looks great on a 4k tv . the graphics are unreal . there is no 4k bluray player . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . if you can not take advantage of its upgrades , then a slim or standard model would be better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! playstation 4 is a great game system and plays bluray cds . an entertainment double threat . my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use . the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems . a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases .####there is no fps drops . uhd 4k is great . games look and play fantastic . playstation 4 plays bluray cds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox . the ps4 pro , i must admit is worth the extra $ 100 . the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom , i do not know much about gaming , but the graphics are `` wow '' and the other differences are subtle , but noticeable . we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player . we watched bluray on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device .####the graphics are pretty amazing . the bluray is really good . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed . boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic ( with a 4k display ) . my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly . i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house ( ps4 is in living room on first floor ) . additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv . the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue.make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . graphics are fantastic . fan comes on frequently and runs loudly . the additional capacity is great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . we love the ps4 , and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv , we talked about getting the pro . the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games . the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv . the pro looks flawless ! can not express enough how amazing it looks ! if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be !####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the graphics look amazing . there is a difference when playing games . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . having used the ps3 for years , i waited a while before upgrading . at first , everything is completely different , but now that i have gotten familiar with things , it is so much nicer . things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer . i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities . i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing vr games . additionally i enjoy the one tb capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use .####graphics are much nicer . it has 4k capabilities . vr capabilities are greater . for storage aspect . the 1 tb capacity is also enjoyable . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are unreal . however , it does not play utral high def dvd . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game . ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console . newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it , get this instead of a regular ps4 . only reason i did not give the system 5 stars , is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x. i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . however , the fan is very loud . the heating and noise comments are true . ps4 pro is a good upgrade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####there is no fps drops . it has best picture and framerate . the graphics are unreal . games look and play fantastic . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue , changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back . this console is not much bigger than my xbox was , and the heating and noise comments are trus , but exactly the same as the xbox . just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power ! the graphics are great , but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much . what really makes me love my pro is the performance ! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original . and really , the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal ! i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the improved graphics are phenomenal ! i could immediately see the difference with games . the heating and noise comments are true . i love the performance of my pro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware . it rips , this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming . just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr , as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p . the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play , but that how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming .####the image quality is amazing . it has excellent 4k hdr gaming . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . the system is quicker . the fan is a bit loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv . if you have a 4k tv with hdr , games designed to take advantage of these will look run amazing . runs quiet , looks great , basically same footprint as launch version . great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it . i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off . employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity .####graphics are lifelike . it looks great on my 4k tv . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 . it is a great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . to my eyes , there is not a huge difference in the 4k ( usually checkerboard ) games during actual gameplay . if you pause the game and change settings , yeah , you can see it.but it is nothing amazing . i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerate instead of resolution ( some do.but most do not ) not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better . but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i have had for all the previous years .####there is not a huge difference in the 4k games . the console runs faster and smoother . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the improved power of the ps4 pro . it is a nice step up from the original . it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed . most of all , i wish it had a 4k bluray player . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice ! the service online was great and broken down , they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised ! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet , it is still worth the money even in 2019 !####it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original . the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . i wish it had a 4k bluray player . it does not come with a native 4k player . the system runs smoothly . it is very quiet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine ! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift ( since they have same date of birthdays ) . they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system . it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me . this is a great system for this generation . i had the original ps4 , but since i have a 4k tv now , i updated my game system & it looks so different . definitely a great product . also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb , because the enhanced games take up more space .####watching 4k movies with this system is enjoyable . the difference in image quality was not noticeable . playing games with this system is enjoyable . i updated my game system and it looks so different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is . the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran . it is quiet and has had no issues . i have used some of the 4k support and they look great . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####the 4k support looks great . it has near 4k graphics . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv . it had no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console . i got this because it was marked down for black friday , but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me .####the difference in image quality was not noticeable . games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . great gaming system , very very good graphics , my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas , i myself enjoy it as well , very good product , i think it is the best ps4 system to date , definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market , good job sony . the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market . with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4 , it allows for a superior playstation experience . with 'boost mode ' adding extra power to older games and uper sampling ' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . graphics is very very good . the added graphical and processor power allow a superior experience . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####it has great graphics . the games that supports 4k is astounding . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals . well worth the wait to get the pro . the graphics , framerate in games are top notch . sound is awesome . best system out there if you ask me . playing games through the pro on my 70 \u201d sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world . just go buy one .####graphics and framerate are top notch . the exclusives are so great . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . he had always been an xbox player , but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4 . he is very happy with his choice . the graphics are amazing and life like . i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together . it was money well spent upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes .####the 4k games are incredible . the graphics are amazing and life like . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased . it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great . the menu system is confusing , however , and the settings are sometimes cryptic . that said , it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars . the ps4 pro is awesome , perfect with my c9 lg , the graphics are unreal , this aint your daddy old ps2 , the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd ! other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy , blows the xbox outta the water !####the graphics are unreal . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the games work great . however , the menu is confusing . however , it does not play utral high def dvd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . well , i bought this , never owning a gaming console in my life , and i must say , i am not impressed , i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet , this has only worked once . so , i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version , regular ps4 . get $ 100.00 back , i mean how much faster can the pro be , really ? i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out . i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement . it not only looks better it performs better . more efficient online gaming . madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format .####it can not connect to the internet . it has more efficient online gaming . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts . in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water . i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage . dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially , its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . ps4 has way more exclusives than xbox . it does not come with a native 4k player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . got this to go with my new tv and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it . being a pc gamer also , i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc , but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####it has near 4k graphics . the exclusive games are amazing . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i bought a 75 '' qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice . games look better and the new system is faster . i can not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr ultra hd movies and the xbox x does . it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker . just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games . graphics are better and faster no lag time however can not wait to get the vr unit , but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories . overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . games look better . graphics are better and faster . it does not come with a native 4k player . however , it does not play hdr or ultra hd movies . the new system is faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far `` injustice 2 . '' i am really digging the graphics . typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild . i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . as the unit is described , this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy . it excels in every way . the scaling to 4k , the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine . the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself .####it looks nice on my 4k tv . the scaling to 4k is great . the exclusives are so great . the selections of games are a bonus . the performance of the system is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation . i love that the games now can be played in 4k native ( at least some of them ) i am a little disappointed you can not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it . overall great console####uhd 4k is great . games look awesome on my 4k tv . the games can be played in 4k . however , it can not play 4k movies . it has great performance , and is much faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down . there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives . there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system . some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming . but that just my opinion awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####ps4 pro is amazing . there are many options for games and the exclusives . it is extra fast . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an improvement over ps3 . we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job . everything stands out and the quality is awesome . looking forward to the next 8 years . i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr . the speed and graphics are noticeably superior . the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable . i would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can , i am very satisfied with my purchase . i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro . i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv . the graphics is amazing . but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro . i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics .####the graphics are noticeably superior . the graphics is amazing . the speed are superior , and the lag time is greatly reduced . it is an improvement over ps3 . the quality is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . the ps4 pro is nice , the only downside is it does not come with a 4k bluray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade . with that said good picture on my samsung 75 '' qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games####the 4k games are incredible . the ps4 pro enhanced games have good pictures . it does not have a 4k bluray player . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own . it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv . its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you can not with xbox . i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up . currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####it has best picture and framerate . it games very smoothly and looks great on a 4k tv . i also love the exclusives . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . i have had for several months and still love it . games run great and the design is easy on the eyes . cons : can be a bit loud at times and gets hot when doing 4k and long game sessions . i would love to see sound reduction , smaller total size , and run quieter . i am sure their next iteration will fix these and will be a for sure 5 star . simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr####games run great and the design is easy . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . it is a bit loud and gets hot in 4k and long game sessions . it has better graphics and powerful console . it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $ 100 and get the pro when i went to get another . do not have a 4k tv yet , just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother . 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic . overall please with the pro . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k bluray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale . i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro . otherwise , the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv .####the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k tv . games run smoother . i could immediately see the difference with games . it does not play 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade . this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade . games feel smother and downloads seem faster . i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on . i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k , i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro . i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience .####downloads seem faster . the image in games is excellent . the graphics looks real with 4k . the addition of 4k capability is great . the games feel smoother . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games . several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say , using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision . far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console , by the way . i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . i am a big baseball fan so , getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but , horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me .####there is no fps drops . it has near 4k graphics . games look and play fantastic . it has awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games . my games have significant improvements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . i do not have a 4k tv , but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv . in the mean time i love how fast the pro is , and for most of the games i have played , they have updated the game for faster framerate .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the games have faster framerate . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro . did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade . so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k bluray . graphics look great and more detailed now . i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the wifi is definitely better . graphics look great and more detailed now . the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . it lacks the 4k bluray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ps4 pro lives up to sony high standards , but does not necessarily live up to the hype . if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you can not go wrong with a pro , but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . this is the best console on the market ! the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential . this comes with a hdmi cable as well , which is a nice plus . it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher .####the graphics are very clear and defined , however , you must have a 4k tv to experience it . the games that supports 4k is astounding . if you are not a hardcore playstation fan then it is not worth the upgrade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after about 7 hours of restoring ( seriously annoying ) data backed up from old ps4 , it was like i never stopped . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable ( sharper images , higher fps , much quicker navigation ) . even though this console generation is coming to an end soon , the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying . on the merits of games and games alone , the ps4 is this generations clear winner . sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games . i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro , and it was very much worth it . i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great . the fan is not that loud too , which is a problem i had with my other ps4 , even after i cleaned it .####the picture is great with my 4k tv . the exclusive games are amazing . games load faster , the upgraded gpu is noticeable . the fan is not that loud .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it - but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year . i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games , and i have a 4k tv ( with no hdr support , sadly ) . but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . it does not come with a native 4k player . i can tell the difference the ps4 pro makes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . i waited a few months before i bought this console . i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x , but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision ! i am not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive , this system does not disappoint .####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the 4k games are incredible . graphics is impressive . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray . the performance is impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution . i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr . maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of . i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . awesome gaming system . the graphics are amazing the game play is extra fast . and i have yet to play a bad game.also the in-store experience at best buy was awesome the gentleman was very helpful . i would recommend buying play stations from best buy anytime####i could not see a large difference between pictures even with hdr . ps4 pro is amazing . it is extra fast . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order . games look beautiful . ( i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x . ) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity . all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining . i had the ps4 slim gold , but decided to switch to a ps4 pro . i got ta say that i am very glad i made the switch . the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent ! if you have a 4k tv , you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better ! currently the best experience for gaming , i have every console . best picture and framerate . also best build quality by far of all the ps4 . blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance .####the graphics are stunning . it has best picture and framerate . games look beautiful . vr is fun but resolution is not good due to interactivity . the performance is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . console runs quiet compare to past models , controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors , selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland . i was highly disappointed to find it does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k bluray player . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again !####the wifi is definitely better . it does not play games in true 4k . uhd 4k is great . it does not have a true 4k bluray player .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money . games , apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous ( if you have a 4k tv ) . everything about it is bigger better and faster . i got this so i could really use my 4k tv . i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality . nice having you tube , netflix , and hulu uhd options . when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot . the oicture is amazing , i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb . i have to say i dont complain about space at all now . ghost recon , horizon zero dawn , elder scrolls , and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection .####the 4k output is gorgeous . the picture is amazing . games , apps and ui load faster than the base ps4 . i can not hear the fans and it does not get hot . it is nice to have youtube , netflix , and hulu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given . even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now . great graphics and user friendly setup . i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that a plus for me . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####it has great graphics . games look better . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . i have loved playstation my entire life , growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro ! it is amazing , with the 4k quality , plenty of storage , downloadable apps . and i love being able to watch my bluray dvd on it as well ! i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better . i am very pleased with the quality of the bluray , ps4 games and other content played form the ps4 . the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play .####it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the 4k quality is amazing . the graphics are better . i am pleased with the quality of the bluray . it has plenty storage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase , but i have been so happy that i now have one . i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one tb of onboard storage . i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment . i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro . i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports . pro delivered all of that plus much more . great performance , much faster , seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . games do load a little faster . overall , i am very happy with this purchase . if you own a 4k tv , do not hesitate to purchase . i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro .####games look awesome on my 4k tv . 4k and hdr games look great . it has great performance , and is much faster . games load faster . i really appreciate the one tb storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates . really bought it for the exclusive games . only thing is the fan is super loud ! seems like a common problem . i guess i am just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x. i have been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now . black friday came around and i decided to just go for it . i am no disappointed at all with my decision . the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since .####the games that supports 4k is astounding . the exclusive games are good . the fan is super loud ! the movies on netflix are available in ultra hd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder , i finally decided to upgrade . it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet . great system ! is it an earth-shattering difference ? worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the wifi is definitely better . it looks nice on my 4k tv . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4 . it is quieter and a lot more power efficient.as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly . you can tell a difference in graphics as well.things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen . it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on . i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues . my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4 , and it was awesome , so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out . i purchased the ps4 pro , a psvr , and to my surprise , the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro . i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts .####there is a difference in graphics . it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed . games tend to freeze . the performance of the psvr was better on ps4 pro . power is efficient . there is no lags .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "search `` ps4 pro black screen '' before purchasing . one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv . would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved . i love this system compared to my og ps4 . obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs . looks great on my 4k tv . loads quicker then my friends . worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity . the console is pretty good so far . the graphics are better than the previous playstation . i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables , so make sure that you get the right cables . the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought ! they need more 4k action movies !####there is a issue with the system connect to a 4k tv . it looks great on my 4k tv . the graphics are better . it is a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child , and it came to front door in 2 days , big box and full of de big bags so it will not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas ! connected everything and the 4k was awesome ! the speed everything !####the addition of 4k capability is great . pictures are great on 4k tvs . the 4k was awesome ! the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . there is a lack of 4k bluray player .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us . ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4 i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now . but online gameplay with xbox was lame . the sony consoles are streamlined , easy to use , but hard-core-player friendly as well . the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall `` legit '' experience . got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####framerate does not have a dramatic difference . the addition of 4k capability is great . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the consoles are streamlined . its online gaming experience is better than xbox . you can not play ultra movies , only bluray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome . the 1 tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games . my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv , and the quality of the video graphics is great . overall product is great ! probably nothing . but this is a great console , the 4k games are incredible ( i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro ) . you will probably need a 65 '' or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same . for gaming this is a monster . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . this is an excellent machine so far . i just wish it had a uhd player . 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p tvs . good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro . but for my 4k hdr brethren .####the quality of the video graphics is great . the 4k games are incredible . ui , disc installs and software downloads are very fast . the games are pretty . the 1 tb hard drive is great for saving games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4 . the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one . also the performance with vr is awesome . however , if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance . this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart tv i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####the ui looks sharper . the checkboard 4k with hdr is impressive . the performance of vr is awesome . i could immediately see the difference with games . however , if you own a ps4 then it is not worth the upgrade . this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high qualities .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles . my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each . performance and graphics are both great , no complaints at all . fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update . i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself , but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv .####performance and graphics are great . it has fast , great graphics . graphics are amazing with a 4k tv . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads are faster and the wifi is better on the pro , it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so , a big plus for that . i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv . and this system is amazing . the games that support it are astounding . i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4 . i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3 , however you see it where it counts . oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often . it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals .####downloads are faster and wifi is better on the pro . games run better and menus are faster . the games that supports 4k is astounding . the games have been great so far . it is a sleek system with good visuals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games . the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w hdr but for an extra $ 150 you can get by without it . i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade . uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well . would buy it again ! fast , great graphics , 1 tb hd is definitely handy , may need an even bigger one yet ! only downfall for this is the size of the updates . as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in , it had a 8.5gb update .####the ps4 pro looks nice on my 4k hdr tv . uhd 4k is great . it has fast , great graphics . the size of the updates are huge . 1 tb hd is handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. upgraded from original ps4 , and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts . games , ui , multitasking , and vr . hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive . online videos reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes . this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up . i am playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the picture is crystal clear####my gta 5 on my 4k tv is crystal clear . i could immediately see the difference with games . games , ui , and vr has noticeable difference . multitasking is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . since i finally purchased a 4k tv , i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro . what a difference in gaming ! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing ! a must have to compliment your 4k tv ! i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better .####the faster processor makes terrific graphics . steaming netflix in 4k is amazing ! the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great console . great picture in 4k tvs . horizon zero dawn , drakes fortune 4 , rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k . 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked framerate in some games . only flaw is the lack of a 4k bluray player . i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review . i love playstation and they never disappoint . we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better . i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice . given the option between the two , i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv .####pictures are great on 4k tvs . there is a lack of 4k bluray player . i do not notice a difference between this and ps4 . in the right tv , the difference is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had my ps3 since it came out . still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself `` might as well go big '' so i got the pro . looks amazing on my bravia 65 '' uhd . still getting used to the ps4 set up , a little different than main menu on the ps3 . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2. the ps4 is a great console , though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv . games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original , but there is not much difference . but if you are looking for your first ps4 , definitely get this one .####it looks amazing on my uhd tv . i could immediately see the difference with games . games run a bit better but there is not much difference . if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade unless you have a 4k tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . at this point , i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k tv with hdr . the hardware is impressive , but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet . hopefully in the next year or so , developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities . this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best ( this is where i fall ) , or you have a 4k hdr tv .####the wifi is definitely better . ps4 games do not have the latest display technology . if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best , or you have a 4k hdr tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details , the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets . i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana , dragon quest xi , and other upcoming games next year . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . the ps4 pro does offer some improvements even on regular hd tv sets . it does not come with a native 4k player . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love playstation it is the way to go . great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . my only issue is sometimes when i am playing picture will go black for a frame . loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me . i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game . some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased . i have had many gaming systems over the years . the ps4 pro is by far the best . the graphics are amazing . the streaming is smooth and fast . i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games .####sometimes picture wiil go black for a frame . the graphics are amazing . i do not like to wait for the updates when you first play a game . there are tons of great games . hulu , netflix work great on it and picture is awesome . the streaming is smooth and fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the image quality on this playstation is amazing . the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications . i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future . i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others . if you have a 4k tv , this is by far the better choice than the regular slim . you definitely will notice the difference . if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console , this is still the better choice . have your first experience be the best it can be ! got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one . the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content , and the most relaxing home screen music ever####the image quality is amazing . the system has a noticeable upgrade in graphic power . the system is quicker . if you have a 4k tv , this is the better choice . you will notice the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs . the wifi is definitely better . if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4 . i do like the controller better . it is a beefed up ps4 , which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now . however , if you are still rocking a 1080p tv , i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it . if you do have a 4k tv , definitely jump on this one . works well , good graphics . but- rally there is no reason to buy this system . i notice very little difference in graphics . i bought this so my vr system would have more power . still , is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it . better technology on the inside .####the wifi is definitely better . i notice very little difference in graphics . if you are using a 1080p tv , the upgrade is not worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop . the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone . definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4 . a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase ! the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything else . i had the regular before i decided to upgrade . despite having a non-hdr 4k tv , i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality . i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference . i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too . worth the money , even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv .####the graphics , smoothness of play and quality beats everything . it does not come with a native 4k player . the storage , performance and graphic upgrades are all winners . there are some significant improvements on the detail and quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to go with my 4k tv , noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model , and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare , if not get a 4k tv first , they are super cheap nowadays , and wait for ps5 . i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working ( i.e . could not connect a controller ) . i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv . i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv . it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks . i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc . hook up was easy , boot up is fast , games look great .####it is great to go with my 4k tv . it shows better graphics . larger hard drive and purchasing games digitally are great . this shows a notable difference on my 4k tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , not much here unless you own a 4k tv . i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable . i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale . games look and play fantastic and there no fps drops that i have noticed . had the system for about a month now , its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4 . faster as well , and the games look better in certain settings by a lot . quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power . i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics ( i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me ) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty : world war 2 .####there is no fps drops . games look better . games look and play fantastic . i could immediately see the difference with games . it is quieter and faster than my launch ps4 .", "score": "5"}
